I was diagnosed with:

 Spinal Stenosis
 Scoliosis
 Bulging Disc
 Degenerative Disc Disease

Here’s how I overcame these to become the strongest version of myself 

#ChronicPain #Backpain

Mental Health Awareness

 Workout
 Eat a nutritious meal
 Get sleep

Before accepting that you have inferior genetics

150lb bag of sand. 


Pick it up and carry it with different grips to build back & core  Functional training with LED Zeppelin

Preparing for war    x.com/tompfeifferfit…

Functional training with LED Zeppelin

Preparing for war   If you have chronic pain, STOP  isolating body parts!

The site of pain is NOT the cause of pain. The way to overcome most chronic pain is to return to habitual HUMAN MOVEMENT  

How can you start? Go for a walk

If you have chronic pain, STOP  isolating body parts!

The site of pain is NOT the cause of pain. The way to overcome most chronic pain is to return to habitual HUMAN MOVEMENT  

How can you start? Go for a walk

Today’s deadlifts on the road to 600

4x3 @ 405lb 3min rest

I used straps and a slightly wider stance. The straps make it a lot easier, but the goal is 600 raw, so most deadlifts will be without help. Still getting used to sumo and learning technique  On my journey to deadlift 600 pounds I’m switching from conventional to sumo because it’s easier. Learning a new technique takes practice, and here’s what I improved today. 

TECHNIQUE REVIEW:
In the first video, my shoulders were behind the bar, which caused me to rock forward

If you want to overcome plantar fasciitis, don’t do calf raises 

The problem is NOT strength, it’s coordination!

Instead, build the connection from feet to glutes if you want to be pain-free!

Get  and you’ll feel better  Sunscreen is poison  wear a hat  instead

If you have anterior pelvic tilt, exercises aren’t needed. Instead, focus on postural awareness to fix your body.

Keep your ribs stacked over your hips, be tall, and keep your hips slightly behind you while sitting and standing. If you sit at a desk, you probably have anterior pelvic tilt.

APT makes you look bloated, feel unattractive, and can even trigger anxiety.

Here’s how to fix it (for good):

Overcoming spinal challenges with strength! 

Research-backed fact: Deadlifts can be a game-changer for back health!  

Studies show they activate paraspinal muscles effectively (Fischer et al., 2021), improve pain and function in low back pain patients (Berglund et al., I was diagnosed with:

 Spinal Stenosis
 Scoliosis
 Bulging Disc
 Degenerative Disc Disease

Here’s how I overcame these to become the strongest version of myself 

#ChronicPain #Backpain

On my journey to deadlift 600 pounds I’m switching from conventional to sumo because it’s easier. Learning a new technique takes practice, and here’s what I improved today. 

TECHNIQUE REVIEW:
In the first video, my shoulders were behind the bar, which caused me to rock forward

Stop  slamming your feet  when running  

I’m at McCarren park track and most people are slamming their feet, heel striking, and over-striding.

This leads to so many common chronic pains. To fix this, try running barefoot and you’ll improve your technique.

Run QUIETLY

Idk this dude, but I guarantee he has foot/ankle/knee pain after running.

Imagine taking one bad step, then do that 10,000 times.

Unfortunately, a podiatrist will likely tell him to stretch his calves and wear shoe inserts 

The cause of most chronic pain is our habits!!!

Romanian Deadlift tips  

 keep weight close
 move at the hips, not the spine
 ribs down - don’t flare
 reach down and squeeze lats

It’s important to record yourself lifting so you can review your technique! It’s how the best lifters check their form.

Most people benefit from coordination more than a stretching routine. Understanding hip tilt is essential for this.

When you maintain good posture and move well, you maintain sufficient mobility. Do your hips still feel tight despite constant stretching?  Your pelvic tilt might be to blame

 A 2018 study by Patel found that an anterior pelvic tilt can limit your hip's internal rotation, causing that "tight" feeling.

 Instead of endless stretching, shift your

For your abs to POP

You must do these 2 things

There are more millionaires than people with visible abs.

Most people will never achieve six pack abs because it requires motivating GOALS and DISCIPLINE.

Don’t start this journey unless you’re committed, as nothing is worse than giving up!

If you set a goal and never give up, success is inevitable!

If you want help on your journey, click the link in my bio to get started 
@tompfeifferfit

http://WarriorKid.com The only acceptable modern books are the kids books by @jockowillink 

Otherwise I will read my children ancient history.

Most sedentary people overuse their low backs and underuse their hips! 

According to Dr. Karel Lewit, “He who treats the site of pain is often lost.” 

The most common solution for the clients I’ve helped with back pain has been hip coordination and movement coaching.

My favorite superset is an upper push and lower pull. 

Choose any upper push: handstand push-up, dips, db press

And any lower pull: deadlift, leg curls, hip thrust

This builds muscle and strength and it’s fun! What’s your favorite superset?

Poor posture and movement are most common causes of back pain.

If you hit your fist against a wall once you might be fine, but if you do it 1,000 times in a row your hand will be damaged. All tissues in your body have a max capacity they can handle, and it’s the same with the Low back pain=boredom

25% of people (mostly guys) have generic low back issues

But here's the hard truth: your back probably just needs movement and strength, not surgery and painkillers 

After 15 years of training clients, I can tell you that deadlifts, 45 degree hypers, and

One of my favorite neck exercises is the neck plank.

Start very light to avoid neck injury. 

2 sets of 30 seconds 2x per week, then add one set per week until you reach 5 sets. Then increase time and continue progressive overload   Weak Neck Muscles & Concussion Risk 

Did you know that having a weak neck could make you more vulnerable to concussions? 

A review by Elliott (2021) suggests that stronger neck muscles may help absorb impact forces, potentially reducing the risk of sports-related

Why isn’t beef liver on that list?

Here’s a better list of foods high in vitamins. Vitamins and food sources

Do you eat the peel?

Coffee is not the problem. 

Coffee overconsumption is the problem!

I limit my intake to 1-2 cups per day, but nobody asks what cup I use

If you want to be more mobile  don’t spend hours stretching 

Instead, incorporate movement into your daily routine if you want to be more mobile

Many back pain sufferers would experience huge breakthroughs in their recovery if they only realized it was their flawed posture habits that kept them pain-sensitive.

One of the best places to start is to learn how to sit correctly on your sit bones instead of on your sacrum. Try this 

Slouch. Now turn your head side to side.  Feel restricted?

Posture isn’t just about standing tall—it reflects your movement habits, behaviors, and even self-identity.

I broke this down with @hubermanlab, and trust me, small changes make a big impact.

I went to a Bitcoin Farmer’s market in El Zonte El Salvador  and purchased some goods with Sats! 

Looking forward to the next one! 
@btcfarmersmrkt Workout in El Zonte, Bitcoin Beach, El Salvador  

Dips
Single leg deadlifts
Pike push-ups
Pull-ups
  x.com/tompfeifferfit…

Workout in El Zonte, Bitcoin Beach, El Salvador  

Dips
Single leg deadlifts
Pike push-ups
Pull-ups
 Surfing is great exercise  

Especially at bitcoin beach!  x.com/tompfeifferfit…

If you’re currently not in pain, can you believe how lucky you are?

If you have a comfortable bed to sleep in, do you realize how blessed you are?

When we grow accustomed to things we forget to be grateful for them. Spend a moment now and think about how lucky you really are.

Surfing is great exercise  

Especially at bitcoin beach! Less than 24 hours in El Salvador  and already the weather is perfect, the nature is thriving, and the people are friendly.

It seems this is going to be better than I expected   x.com/tompfeifferfit…

The only thing better than straight sprints is dynamic sprinting!

Lateral shuffle to sprint

Coordination and athleticism growth next level  The Best exercise is:

Hill sprints

Build muscle, incinerate fat, improve speed & athleticism.

If you have chronic pain, it’s not your body that’s broken, but your habits.

The hardest part of overcoming chronic pain is the self-study that can sometimes take years to fully understand.

"I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self." - Aristotle

The battle we’re fighting isn’t easy, but it’s the most rewarding

The perfect workout doesn’t exis…

 Pull-ups
 Hill sprints
 Handstand push-ups

The back extension is overused for back pain

In fact it might be doing more harm than good and here’s why

STOP doing back extensions

99% of back pain is NOT caused by muscular weakness! 

THIS is the real cause

Avoid Isolating the Back in Your Exercise Routine

Focusing only on the lower back often exacerbates problems. 

Pavel Tsatsouline reminds us that "A natural athlete moves from his hips, never from his back or knees."

Here is where you start:

Identify when your back pain is worst.

Is it when you wake up or does it build throughout the day?

Is it after sitting a long time or after you exercise?

You probably know more about your pain than you realize, and the first step is WRITING IT DOWN

Most people with back pain don’t need back extensions, they need introspection and habit change.

Visit http://whatiswrongwithmyback.com to get access to my free back pain book, “What’s Wrong with my Back?”

The Best exercise is:

Hill sprints

Build muscle, incinerate fat, improve speed & athleticism.

Deadlifts are the WORST exercise for back pain.

It might even be the cause of your pain!

Here’s what you need instead

The only person who is going to get you pain-free is YOU!

What I do is I help clients better understand their bodies and habits. 

You might not realize what you’re doing is causing you harm.

You might think the deadlifts you’re doing are helping, but in fact they’re hurting!

Most people with back pain don’t need deadlifts, they need introspection and habit change.

If you have back pain, you’ve heard of the McGill Big-3

But did you know most people do them WRONG?

Stop wasting your time if you don’t first know how to properly breathe and brace

Once you know how to brace correctly, you can then continue with your core stability exercises to get the best results!

Remember, a lack of core stability is only ONE cause of back pain and it’s critical to understand your unique cause of pain to get better.

If you want to learn more about your unique cause of pain, visit http://whatiswrongwithmyback.com to get a free copy of my book, or schedule a consultation to work with me directly.

Handstand push-ups
&
Deadlifts

Full workout

Achilles Tendinitis can be a very tricky problem. Stretching and strengthening can help. I’ve found the primary cause being misuse of the Achilles and calves, with instruction and coordination helping more than training tissue mobility & strength.

I don’t believe there’s science Have you been stretching a lot but still struggling to recover from Achilles tendinitis? 
Stretching alone might not be enough

According to a study by done Murphy in 2019, eccentric calf training is more effective than stretching for managing Achilles tendinopathy. Eccentric

Effective workout:

Handstand push-ups 
Pull-ups
Cable row

If you can’t do HSPUs do pike push-ups. This took less than 20 minutes and now I get to go on a hike in El Salvador

You do not reap what you sow.

You reap much more than you sow. 

You get back much more than what you put out. It works both positive and negative.

Open your stiff mid back while watching tv!

Working thoracic rotation doesn’t require a gym,

Just lie on your side and breathe deeply  to improve your mobility!

Less than 24 hours in El Salvador  and already the weather is perfect, the nature is thriving, and the people are friendly.

It seems this is going to be better than I expected  Just landed in Bitcoin Country El Salvador  

Any recommendations for things I should do while here?

@nayibbukele @maxkeiser @ElSalvadorVisas

Just landed in Bitcoin Country El Salvador  

Any recommendations for things I should do while here?


@nayibbukele
 
@maxkeiser
 
@ElSalvadorVisas

Most people focus on the WRONG things when improving nutrition.

It's not what you're eating, but what you're NOT eating that's holding you back.

Stop trying to starve and restrict yourself. Focus on eating to be healthy and you'll look and feel great.

Romanian Deadlift Technique Review

Should I post more of these?

How I Transformed my life and stay motivated.

 Depressed  Happy 
 Skinny fat  Ripped  Do you some times struggle with motivation?

In this video I share my personal journey overcoming depression and 5 tips I use to stay motivated. I hope you like it!

Top Books & Music Recommendations that train your subconscious for positivity: https://tompfeiffer.com/single-post/self-improvement-positive-resources-books-music…

Do you some times struggle with motivation?

In this video I share my personal journey overcoming depression and 5 tips I use to stay motivated. I hope you like it!

Top Books & Music Recommendations that train your subconscious for positivity: https://tompfeiffer.com/single-post/self-improvement-positive-resources-books-music…

The way to know you’re dealing with an expert is the amount of questions they ask.

Experts help others realize what they already know.

How to Breathe 

Proper breathing decreases stress, increases blood flow to the spine, and improves muscle balance.

The solution to type 2 diabetes?

Don’t eat processed sugar.

In 1979, Dr Vladimir Janda discovered what doctors today seem to miss entirely. Here's why "Crossed Patterns" are killing your back and how to overcome it: The back extension is overused for back pain

In fact it might be doing more harm than good and here’s why

When you’re depressed, you move in a depressed way.

When you’re happy, you move in a happy way.

The inverse is also true.

Move in a happy way and you’ll start to feel happier. Pick your head up, walk with energy, and before you know it you’ll start feeling better!

The low back is strong and flexible, but it’s not meant to be the focal point of movement. Stability is far more important for the low back.

Back extensions are still a useful exercise as an accessory for strengthening the low back, but these alternative exercises are better for most people when starting out.

Apply these tips and notice you start moving better! If you liked this thread, follow for more tips!

It helps if you focus on opening up your legs to allow for a more stable position.

Yes, manspreading is good sitting!

I’ve read over a hundred books on good posture, and this is the best one I’ve found: https://amzn.to/40IOzRU

If you’re curious about improving your posture, I highly recommend it!

Sit on your sit bones
 Be tall
 Stretchsit for longer durations

That is how to sit well, and it took me 25 years to learn it!

If you’re curious about other ways to improve your health and fitness, follow for tips! 
@tompfeifferfit

I use the stretch sit cushion when I travel on planes or in cars because it makes it more comfortable. You can purchase one here: https://amzn.to/42tszge

Or use any sweatshirt or towel for mid back support.

You’ve been sitting wrong your entire life—without even realizing it.

It took me 25 years to figure this out.

Here’s what nobody ever taught you

Being tall and having good spine posture includes keeping your nose below your ears.

 <  

This helps to prevent slouched posture that originates from the top-down

Once the weight of your body is resting on your sit bones, imagine being as tall as you can.

Like a string is pulling you up to the sky. Don’t force anything, just keep the intention of being tall in mind.

For good hip position, you can visualize sticking out your tail versus having your tail tucked.

Don’t sit on your tail!

Don’t sit on your tailbone!

Rolling your hips forward to sit on your hip bones allows your spine to be tall in a neutral position.

Most people round, but it’s also important to make sure you’re not overarched when you sit.

Putting a wedge at the back of your seat or tucking your legs behind/under you helps to roll your hips forward and sit on your sit bones.

The first step to sitting correctly is sitting on your sit bones!

These bones are at the bottom of your hips and they’re called the ischial tuberosities.

If you sit on your hands you can feel for these two bony points on each side.

THIS is where you want to sit.

Slouching by sitting on your tailbone stresses the spine and pelvic floor.

It causes problems like back pain and pelvic floor disorders.

The weight of gravity is not meant to rest 8+ hours per day on these sensitive tissues!

Almost every public seat forces you to sit slouched with bad posture. 

Big chair is after your spine health!

Good posture is effortless.

It’s not forcing your shoulders back and squeezing your muscles; it’s more like balancing rocks by the river.

Better posture balances bones, while worse posture causes muscles and ligaments to support the weight of gravity.

“It hurts when I sit too long”

A common complaint I hear from clients with back pain. While sitting less helps, most people can’t avoid sitting completely.

Luckily, there’s a better way to sit that won’t cause back pain. It’s not some special chair; it’s posture.

Back pain from sitting?

It’s crazy your doctor doesn’t know this  After working as a financial analyst and sitting for 10 hours, the primary thing that gave me back pain relief was this couch stretch.

Throwing random exercises at “back pain” is the worse thing someone with back pain could do.

The first step is identifying the CAUSE of pain as otherwise you’re wasting your time and possibly doing more harm than good.

Also don’t use any external posture aids as they’re all a Lower Back Pain...

1.

Be based, not woke. 

Woke is hate.
“You hurt my feelings so I hate you.”

Based is love.
“You can have your opinion because I love you.”

Woke says you are not in control and inspires anger and depression. Based says that you are in control and inspires action and freedom.

Stretching the low back can feel great and provide immediate relief.

Although the symptom is a tight/stiff low back, the cause is often a lack of hip mobility or overuse of the low back.

Learning to move better, stabilize the core, and stretch the hips helps address the cause Your Lower Back Will Thank You

Barbell rows build strong backs 

One of my favorite exercises paired with deadlifts. 4x6-12

For someone with back pain, the first step is spine hygiene: better posture and movement.

Next comes stability & endurance and the final component is mobility & strength.

Most people don’t need advanced strength to have a healthy back. Most people have back pain but don't know why.

90% of the time, the culprit is a weak posterior chain

Want to unf*ck your back?

Add these 5 movements to your routine:

1. Hyperextensions

“It is hardly likely that we have personal immortal souls; but it is even less likely that we are machines mechanically mourning our mechanism” - Will Durant

The proof that God exists is existence itself. I'm agnostic because it's unknown whether Earth life came to be on its own or was created or planted here by aliens, or if we're in a simulation. But I'm an atheist when it comes to our religious doctrines because they were written by ancient people who knew even less than we do. x.com/Lilith_Atheist…

Do you know the famous story of two brothers with a drunk father?

One brother grew up to be an alcoholic and said, “What choice do I have? My father is an alcoholic.” The second brother never drank alcohol and said, “How could I? My father is an alcoholic.”

It’s not what

I used to think anterior pelvic tilt was the cause of my back pain until I understood this one principle:

Better posture balances bones! 

While worse posture uses muscles and ligaments to hold us up, which leads to chronic pain!

Our hips are meant to be soft as this allows the There's nothing wrong with having Anterior Pelvic Tilt. 
(if it is controlled)

In fact, 85% of males and 75% of females posses an anterior pelvic tilt position

Most notably, high-level sprinting athletes tend to develop more ATP

Studies show "the advantages of anterior pelvic

The more I focused on balancing my posture, the less chronic pain I had.

If your posture is not great, stop trying to force yourself into good posture using your muscles, and instead focus on balance.

The best posture book I’ve found is 8 steps to a pain-free back. I highly recommend it!

Strangely enough, I’ve read dozens of posture books and women tend to have a better understanding of posture than men.

https://amzn.to/4gbKk6P

If you have shoulder pain or know someone who does,

READ THIS BOOK!!!

A testament to how it can fix your pain   That book saved me from surgery In both shoulders. I’m in my 70s now and dead lift hang multiple times a day. It also decomposes the spine, have gained a inch back from the 2 I had lost in height

Only fools want things fast & easy.

Respect the process.

The Romanian Deadlift is the only exercise needed. Instead of isolating body parts, the RDL teaches you how to move better in daily life.

For someone who’s not ready for that, glute bridges or hip thrusts allow them to build a glute connection so they can upgrade to deadlifts.  The back extension is a foundational exercise for lower back health. Here’s what you need to know:

 Seated Good Mornings vs. Back Extensions: Good mornings use heavier loads to enhance hip and spine stiffness without rounding the back. In contrast, back extensions focus on

Great information if you have plantar fasciitis or other foot/ankle pain. 

Our feet are meant to be strong  not cushioned with pillows  18 Harsh Truths about Foot Health you won’t hear from the “experts.”  

1. Fallen arches & flat feet are fixable  

But your arches shouldn't rely on artificial support  

There is an internal support system that can be strengthened within your feet

The biggest mistake I see online about back pain is focusing too much on isolating the back.

Back pain is often not caused by the back itself!

The key is learning how to move better — education is the first step, not low back exercises.

Focus on stabilizing the core and moving

Tell Biden I need a preemptive pardon for the crime against humanity I’ve committed with this unreal breakfast and these gains I’m about to make

Love this post, especially the neck training and mastic gum chewing!

One tip is to keep your nose below your ears. This helps improve posture awareness! If you're reading this, you probably have forward neck posture..

"Nerd neck" makes you dumber, less attractive, and can even cause hair loss

Here's how to fix it..

YOU’RE MADE FOR GREATNESS!

Stop settling for less than you are  go do what you’re made to do

After working as a financial analyst and sitting for 10 hours, the primary thing that gave me back pain relief was this couch stretch.

The psoas muscle connects directly to the spine, and when we sit this muscle can become tight and increase compression and discomfort.

1 minute each side upon waking up and before bed can provide immediate relief. Give it a try!

Changing location takes time, but you can change direction immediately! 

Direction  > Speed 

What direction are you going?

3 core finishers to build rotation strength and sick abs!

A - Oblique rotations 10 reps
B - SA Cable press 10 reps
C - Ball Speed rotations 30 reps

I love what I do and I’m grateful to connect with you!

Few options better than the sled!

What’s your favorite conditioning method?

Small changes over time lead to phenomenal results.

Preserve your self confidence by only committing to things you’re going to do!

Do you have shoulder pain?

Horizontal rows are great for someone with rounded shoulders and abducted scapulae, but only when executed properly!

Here is how to row for shoulder pain.

The more you use your hips throughout the day, the less likely they are to tighten up!

Instead of sitting in a chair all day, use the half-kneeling position or sit on the ground.

11 years ago I was diagnosed with degenerative disc disease, but that wasn’t the problem.

12+ hours per day sitting with poor posture was my real problem!

It’s not one tragic accident that causes most chronic pain, rather it’s death by 1,000 paper cuts!

Tight hips is just one potential cause explained here.

It’s critical to understand your unique situation and the CAUSE of your pain.

To learn about your body and become pain-free, visit http://whatiswrongwithmyback.com and enter your email to get a free full body assessment!

Your back isn’t weak, it’s overused. 

Instead of focusing on the low back for low back pain, focus on the hips.

The hips are a mobile joint but sedentary living causes our hips to tighten up.

Tight hips —> overuse low back

When your hips are tight, especially the psoas, you have greater compression on your spine, which can exacerbate your pain.

Sitting in a chair for countless hours is a more common cause of back pain than having a weak back.

While you can stretch the hips to counter the sitting,

The WORST Back Pain Belief that keeps you in Pain:

Your pain is caused by your back

 WRONG 

Here’s why

One of the common solutions from new trainers and therapists is to focus on the site of pain.

Back hurts? Focus there. 
Knee hurts? Focus there.

The body is one unit, and while a weak back can make it more likely to get an injury, it’s almost never the cause.

The greatest leaders in history were also the greatest servants

Find a way to serve others.

Fast vs Slow digesting carbohydrates.

Do you know the difference?

Slow digesting carbs give you long term energy for your life and workouts. It’s your body’s preferred source of energy and eating carbs can increase performance. 

Fast digesting carbs spike your blood sugar and

Exercise recommendations include anything that stretches the back of the shoulder and strengthens the front.

For example:
• Foam roll back of shoulder with a lacrosse ball or tennis ball to release tension in posterior rotator cuff muscles
• Perform isometric internal rotation

Chronic pain solutions that are nuanced don’t go viral.

The truth is there’s no single exercise that’s best for everyone.  You need to be aware of your own body and specific needs!

Did you find this post useful? What has helped your shoulder pain most? Comment below

ATG disciples LOVE external rotation, but what if this causes MORE pain?

STOP this exercises if you match this profile

You can test internal rotation and subscapularis strength with elbow at the side as you resist external rotation.

If this is particularly weak, you can focus on strengthening internal rotation.

Anterior capsule laxity is when the front of the shoulder is too loose:

• Weak/Loose Subscapularis & Long head of the bicep
• Pain when extending the shoulder back behind

Before Rotator Cuff Shoulder Surgery - READ THIS!

The rotator cuff is 4 muscles that work to keep the upper arm bone in the center of the shallow shoulder joint.

It's not some crazy complex contraption that only doctors can understand. It's 4 muscles.

Hanging is the simplest solution I give to new clients who match this pattern, but this is only the beginning.

A long term solution requires stretching the front of the body and strengthening the back.

Would you like a full routine to overcome shoulder impingement pain?

Leave a comment to let me know!  

Read more here:

How to Eat to Build Muscle (Full Day of Eating)

This was a full day of eating for me in Lima, Peru. To learn about what YOU should eat, complete this FREE nutrition calculator: https://precisionnutrition.com/nutrition-calculator…

What's the hardest part of eating to achieve your goals? Let me know in the

If we interacted in 2024, thank you for your spirit and energy. 2025 is going to be your year! Here’s a thought exercise to help you prepare  

What would you do if you couldn’t fail?

The older we get the more “realistic” our goals and dreams become. We stop being creative

Imagination can do what will alone cannot

Christmas Nutrition Hack:

Eat protein WITH or BEFORE you eat whatever treat you want.

 You’ll eat less junk 
 You’ll have less of a sugar crash
 You’ll feel better

Protein + sugar > sugar

Poor posture is a primary cause for chronic pain, but what is good standing posture?

Here are 3 tips for better standing posture

“Be tall” by attempting to touch the sky with the back of your head. 

Your nose should be below your ears.

Apply these 3 tips and notice that you can stand longer without chronic pain.

Did you find this helpful? What’s a posture tip you recommend?

If you will insist upon mentally seeing yourself surrounded by things and conditions as you wish them to be, the universe will begin to send towards you exactly what you imagine and visualize

For a complex subject like chronic back pain, it’s impossible to ever know everything. 

Always be learning.

Search for new information because at the very least it reinforces what you already know.

You want more flexibility?

Stop making these 4 mistakes that are keeping you tight

Choose exercises that improve flexibility

While the barbell squat can help you improve mobility, if your primary goal is improving flexibility you’re better off choosing a different exercise.

For example, switch barbell squats with ATG split squats.

These tips helped me go from tight and stiff to mobile and free!

What mobility tip would you add to this list? Comment to let me know

If you want something, you have to start with the end result and then work backwards to discern the details.

Imagine what you want to happen as if it were already completed, then work backwards to figure out how to get it.

All great things start with the end result.

In order to have what others don't, you must do what others won't

Do it or die!

Picture your last day on earth. Will you be happy with the life you lived?

Time doesn’t stop so take action! To all men who have conquered laziness, please share your secret?

I used to use a belt and wrist wraps

Now I lift raw 100% of the time

I feel stronger and it prevents me from going too heavy, which is a common reason people get injured. I’m also not competing against anyone else, just myself.

Do you use equipment when you lift?

If you have Plantar Fasciitis  

Learn to “wake up” the feet with the short foot exercise!

Change your shoes so you stop perpetually stretching your foot fascia and can begin using your feet as they were intended!

Blood flow & Movement > Cushion Plantar Fasciitis is not an inflammation problem, it's a blood flow problem.

Avoid These if You Have Back Pain

5 Most Common Mistakes   

#backpain #chronicpain

What would you add to this list?

What’s the most common back pain mistake you see or you’ve experienced?

Sharing your tips can potentially save someone years of pain, so please don’t hesitate!

Yours in chronic pain relief, Tom

If you want to receive more FREE tips on overcoming back pain, subscribe to my weekly newsletter http://tompfeiffer.com/newsletter

The reason you workout 5x/week and still have chronic pain

is because you’re training like a robot instead of moving like a human Most fitness dudes out there train too much & move too little.

Training to look great is fun, but bodybuilding makes you slow & unathletic

Keep sprints and jumps in your program or you risk becoming a big useless mound of muscle!

STOP using X-ray images to explain your back pain.

An image of a bulging disc is not enough to diagnose you

#backpain #ChronicPain

Step 1 to overcome chronic pain is to identify the CAUSE of your pain.

Are you flexion intolerant?
Extension intolerant?
Load intolerant?

Study your body and focus on removing the cause and establishing pain-free habits.

Now I help people become healthy and pain-free by teaching them about their bodies.

If you’ve visited your doctor, listened to their advice,
and STILL have pain, it means you need to change what you’re doing.

Learn about your body and back pain at http://WhatisWrongWithMyBack.com

Leg Extensions are a Terrible Exercise for your legs 

They’re the least functional leg exercise and put pressure on the knee in a bad position.

A better option for someone with knee pain is isometrics or the Spanish Squat

You want shoulders that cast a shadow?

Try this #shoulderworkout

Trap-3 raise 3x12

While it’s not the sexiest exercise, it works the lower traps which are critical for maintaining scapular stability and healthy shoulders. 

Perform this exercise regularly and notice your posture improves!

If you enjoyed this thread, sign up for my weekly newsletter where I share tips to help you overcome chronic pain and stay healthy!

http://Tompfeiffer.com/newsletter

Here’s how I deadlift 500lb+ and do the full splits

Be patient. If you’ve been tight for 10 years, don’t expect to improve in 10 days.

You’re better off dedicating 10 minutes per day every day to mobility than you are doing 10 hours in a single day.

Stay consistent and you’ll build your strength AND mobility.

If you found this thread useful, subscribe to my weekly newsletter where I share tips to improve fitness and overcome chronic pain!

The Journey is Everything

Stop for just a moment and remember you only have one life. Sacrifice is necessary to achieve any worthwhile goal, but remember to enjoy where you are right now!

“I don’t know if I’ll ever be pain-free”

This was me 10 years ago! I went to endless doctors, but nobody could help me. I thought I was broken!

Now I’ve learned enough to be completely pain-free and help hundreds of clients!

Learn more at http://whatiswrongwithmyback.com When I first do the movement it is uncomfortable, but as I persist with it it does improve somewhat. Toe touches are harder in the morning but I stretch my hamstrings and hip flexors and it is better. Sadly I’m still not pain free, and don’t know if I’ll ever be.

At age 21 a doctor advised me to never run, jump, or lift weights again because of chronic low back pain.

As a young man, this feels like a death sentence. Chronic low back pain can drive you crazy.

Don’t let this happen to you  Spoke with a source that had a lot of friends that went to high school with Luigi Mangione. 

What keeps coming up is a back surgery that “changed everything” for him and he went “absolutely crazy.”

Checks out with his GoodReads history and the X-Ray in his header.

The cause of chronic back pain is commonly not a “thing” that needs to be cut out, but a failure of function or ability.

If a symptom is surgically "cured" but the cause is never addressed, the symptom will reappear.

Learn more about your body and the potential causes of your chronic back pain. 

Get a FREE copy of my e-book “What’s Wrong with my Back?”

It seems 
@PepMangione
 had a back surgery that didn’t go so well and decided to assassinate the CEO of United Healthcare in Manhattan!

Learn more about back surgery before you regret it at http://WhatisWrongWithMyBack.com

#BackPain #BackPainSurgery

Go outside to Sun  your balls  

 Overcome seasonal depression
 Improve sleep
 Stay healthy
 Build more muscle

In the winter it’s even more important to get sun exposure as most people are deficient in vitamin D.

Take off your shirt  and stand in the sun

If you can deadlift 500lb but can’t unilateral deadlift 100lb, that’s a problem.

Without variety, the probability of injury increases.

A simple way to add variety is to perform the unilateral version of whatever you’re training once per week

I went to Machu Picchu this week

There’s a lot of walking/climbing and some people were struggling 

Being fit is about more than looking good; it gives you freedom!

Take care of your body so you can get more out of life

If you want to learn about and overcome chronic pain, join my weekly newsletter where I share tips to get you strong & healthy 

Sign up:

I share tips on fitness and overcoming chronic pain.

Follow for more tips 


@tompfeifferfit

I received this question today:

“When pain is gone then is it possible when I do my x ray later then it will be normal or not ??”

Here was my response on back pain & x-ray results   

#backpain #chronicbackpain

You are in control! You are powerful! If you’re in pain, you can improve!

If you want help on your journey, each week I share  fitness and nutrition tips to help people with back pain.

You can join my newsletter here:
http://Tompfeiffer.com/newsletter

Top-3 Worst Exercises for #chroniclowbackpain  

 Abdominal crunch - train the core to resist movement, not create it.

 Russian Twist - stop overusing the low back

 Jefferson curl - most ppl already live in flexion & need extension instead

Did you know? Stretching can be beneficial for managing chronic pain. Here are 3 stretches to start with…

 #ChronicPain #PainRelief

Frog pose primarily stretches the adductor muscles of the inner thighs.

These muscles are often tight as excess sitting with legs close together causes tightness.

Although it looks a little ghey, it’s the perfect counter stretch to pigeon.

3x60sec

The lying thoracic rotation helps to open up the thoracic spine and torso.

After the hips, the thorax is the most commonly tight area among clients with chronic pain. By loosening up this area, you’re less likely to move excessively at the low back.

Sunscreen is poison  wear a hat  instead

Proof of work!

Build a pyramid, your body, your mind, or your Bitcoin portfolio!

Life is about growth! Keep growing!!

Plantar fasciitis is most commonly caused by our shoes  

While stretching can play a role in the solution, it’s hardly the complete fix.

Here’s the solution: https://tompfeiffer.com/single-post/plantar-fasciitis-functional-solution…

Step 1: Change your shoes 
Step 2: Foam roll
Step 3: Improve technique
Step 4: Strengthen How to fix plantar fasciitis. #plantarfasciitis #plantarfasciitisrelief

Handstand push-ups build athletic pressing power.

3 sets of max reps 2-3 times per week.

Alternate chest-to-wall and back-to-wall variations.

Stay consistent for a few years and you’ll be stronger and more muscular.

It’s difficult to change one’s opinion.

Saving in an S&P 500 ETF and a high yield savings account is what current finance pros recommend. 

They haven’t put in the time. They haven’t studied. They don’t understand.

Bitcoin ends war.

It protects the individual.

It provides a simple savings mechanism for the 21st century world.

Happy Monday y’all 

Go to the gym!!!

If you’re suffering from #chronicpain

I have a resource to help you learn more about your body and potential causes of your pain.

It’s called “What’s Wrong with My Back?”

You can access it for free at http://whatswrongwithmyback.com

Nothing beats morning exercise in the sun  

No sunscreen 

Pura vida

When you realize exercise makes you feel better IMMEDIATELY

It makes training easier.

Physical strength is a requirement

A weak body reveals a weak mind

Plan your workout tomorrow.

“Climate change” as promoted by the media is not real.

It’s propaganda you’ve been tricked to believe.

You have no proof.

The major key  to good nutrition

Eat according to activity

If you move a lot, eat a lot.

Up early, get fit, eat well

Sleep late, get drunk, binge eat

Vacation is an opportunity.

Sunscreen is poison

Upper Body Posture Workout

No equipment, follow-along routine for better posture.

God is good!

Deadlifting is not dangerous for your low back.

Here’s how to do it safely

If you struggle to feel your glutes on the hip thrust, open up your hips first with a couch stretch.

When the hip flexors are tight it’s harder to get a glute contraction. A few minutes per side of couch stretch can allow you to get a better glute workout.

Deadlift Progression Summary

1. Open hips with couch stretch
2. Hip thrust for glute connection 
3. RDL to learn tension
4. Deadlift from the floor

This strategy will keep your back healthy and allow you to lift some serious weight!

#backpaintips #deadlift

Just because something is true 

Doesn’t mean it deserves attention

Focus on what you want.

Lunch is a grass fed steak

We go the direction we face,
We face the direction we design

Direction determines destination,
You can change direction today.

If you’re not seeing fitness results, lack of focus might be your problem.

Narrow your focus and watch your progress take off

Rookie mistake when dealing with #lowbackpain

Nonspecific low back pain is most commonly caused by OVERUSE of the low back. 

The key is to use the hips more and the back less!

Beef liver is good for you. Here’s how I meal prep my liver

3 truths of Climate Change:

1. The climate has been changing forever. Now it’s colder than average.

2. Nobody knows if humans are heating the planet. Correlation does not equal causation. 

3. Pollution isn’t good for the planet or for the humans on it. They debunked their own hoax

But if you give money to the government they’re going to control the weather.

Also you’re not allowed to use pizza ovens.

Oysters are God’s multivitamin!

My client: How are you going to help me overcome my back pain?

Me: Well, I grew up in a middle class family where people were proud of their lawns…

Nothing works for everybody, everything works for somebody.

Nothing works all the time, everything works sometime.

If it feels good, do it.
If it hurts, don't do it.

Eat nutrient dense foods and your cravings will disappear!

Sugary cereal is poison  

Meat is health  

(Grass fed & pasture raised only)

Raw milk on the menu.

Let’s see how it goes! Raw milk is disgusting. We live in a first world civilized society and people are actively choosing to consume milk riddled with E. coli and listeria. Pasteurization is not some evil sorcery. It just kills the dangerous bacteria you morons. x.com/casbrad/status…

Say no to the screen  wear a hat  

#chronicillness #sunscreentips #sunscreenistoxic

I’m 6’2” now, but a few years ago I was 5’9”

Focus on being tall to make good posture a habit and avoid chronic pain caused by poor posture.

#chronicpaincoach #backpainrelief #chronicpainrelief

Degenerative Disc Disease Training Program

Degenerative Disc Disease is not as scary as it sounds!

Saying you have degenerative disc disease is like saying an old person with wrinkles has degenerative face disease.

It's descriptive, but not helpful.

Full Article: https://tompfeiffer.com/single-post/degenerative-disc-disease…

If you want help overcoming your chronic pain, apply for fitness coaching:

“The world is bad” 

True.

“The world is good”

Also true.

Fix the money, fix the world.

Why do you care about #bitcoin ?

Foot and ankle pain?

Here is a 3-step process I use with my clients to get them pain-free

Build coordination with the contralateral loaded split squat

For a complete training program and a lot more free resources, check out the full article here and follow for more content like this!

https://tompfeiffer.com/single-post/foot-ankle-pain-functional-solution…

If it ain’t broke, just walk it off.

Pain-free movement ASAP is the fastest path to recovery. 

Stop catastrophizing your chronic pain, adjust what you’re doing, and don’t give up. 

#chronicpainrelief

They keep you sick by keeping you deprived.

Here is the healthiest foods in the world big pharma wants you to believe is unhealthy

You don’t need to eat all the time. 

Fasting for #fatloss

 is very effective for men.

It’s not aging, it’s bad habits.

#Carnivore is stupid. 

#Vegan is dumb.

Humans are omnivores.

your

Sunscreen smells terrible.

It smells like poison and people cover themselves in it.

Wear a hat instead.

Sit on the balcony
Writing as I watch
Grown men commute to jobs they hate
With tight suits and sweat

Find your passion
Work for yourself
Live below your means
Buy bitcoin
Achieve freedom.

Get in the sun  move like a human

Fat Loss Tip 

Building muscle increases your Basal Metabolic Rate so you burn more calories at rest.

Breaking down muscle burns more calories during the repair process.

Build muscle to burn more calorie at rest, don’t just do cardio!

Running is great exercise, these tips can help you stay pain-free:

1 - Be tall
2 - Take shorter steps
3 - Slow down
4 - Run on outer parts of your feet

If you apply these tips you can be the next Usain Bolt!

When you live aligned with your life purpose, nothing can stop you.

1. Find your life purpose - it often has to do with your personal experience and childhood or passion.

2. Take action that supports your purpose - avoid time-wasting action to create space for productivity.

Steak  & eggs  for breakfast!

RDLs performed with full ROM will improve your hamstring flexibility. 

However, if the other 23 hours in your day are spent with shortened hamstrings then no progress will be made. 

Training is important, but habitual posture and movement determines flexibility.

The most common cause of back pain is overuse of the low back. If you have back pain, these exercises won’t help and might make it worse!

#backpaintips #backpainrelief

Take responsibility for your life.

Muscle building fuel  

I typically eat 1-2 steaks a day and I feel fantastic!

Steak is the healthiest food on the planet. I’m eating a bone-in sirloin, but here’s the nutrition of a ribeye

You can be vegan and strong, I just don’t know any strong vegans personally.

“But what about that vegan powerlifter”

Yea dawg, I don’t know him.

The vegans I know are mostly weak and small, but no judgement! Find what works for you and do it. This is what works for me

Meat & fruit for dinner  

The same people that claim meat is unhealthy eat sugar cereal daily!

Here’s a simple program from Reg Park the main inspiration to 
@Schwarzenegger

Next time you go to the gym, try harder on compound lifts because those are what actually create growth and strength gains!!

For the natural lifter, RECOVERY is the hardest part, so training 2-3x/week is more than enough  

It’s also great for anyone with additional athletic goals

Adding sandbag carries to my program to build strength endurance

High rep squats build muscle 

If you’re in the habit of 3x12 change it up and try a set of 20 with the heaviest weight you can. 

275lb x 21 reps

I'm Dr Mike Mew and here is my Ultimate Mewing Guide: the technique to improve your face and teeth naturally:

Consistency > Intensity

I see it all the time. People putting in tons of effort for little or no results. It’s human nature to want to make a big change, especially when you’re fed up with where you’re at, but it’s hard to stay consistent with big changes.

We overestimate what

Get your workout  

Today I did some agility work, lower conditioning, and shadow boxing.

It’s Mothers Day.

Go to the gym and make momma proud!

Today I ran 5 sprints @ 100% for 5 seconds and it felt great  for the next 5 weeks I’ll be adding a sprint until I finish the training program. 

It’s important to ease into sprinting after building muscle because the added weight is a lot of additional stress.

When they ask me about politics:

Can’t believe how some people live.

My favorite back squat accessory exercise is the pause squat to build strength at the bottom.

Slow is smooth and smooth is fast

Today’s Bench Press Complex:

- 1 set 1 rep @ 100% (315lb)

- 5 sets 2 reps @ 80% last set AMRAP w/ 2min rest

- Spoto Press 3 sets 3 reps @ RPE 7,8,9

One more week with this strength program

I love what I do.

I would do it for free, but have to charge high prices for the clients to stay consistent 

#fitnesscoach #chronicpaincoach

405lb x1 yesterday

#barbellsquats

Almost summer time again! Something I wish I had learned younger 

Do more pull-ups

Exactly according to plan

 Just buy and HODL  #Bitcoin analysis

Not as technical as @Anbessa100

But clear: Up Forever, Laura

Shoulder Impingement Solution

Here are today’s 7 sets of deadlifts.

1 set 3 reps @ 87%
6 sets 2 reps @ 77% rest 60sec

Tips to staying Consistent

You can’t out-work a bad diet!

Build a #nutritionplan with this free resource: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fpde77RZoNruzMgiL-YYwjn2nA4tWV32CvkmFJzigtM/edit…

If you don’t want to read you can watch this video to begin building healthy #nutrition habits now!

You are POWERFUL stop settling

All red meat does not have the same nutrient profile.

A McDonald’s hamburger  from a cow chained to a fence in a barn eating corn  

Is not like a grass fed cow   walking around in the sun  

I eat sirloin steaks that are low in saturated fat and high in zinc & B12

Cholesterol is not the problem, sugar is.

Here is the actual climate science. Worth the watch to better understand government propaganda. Climate the Movie: The Cold Truth

The final nail in the coffin for the "human-induced climate change" scam. An absolute MUST-WATCH!

Directed by Martin Durkin (@Martin_Durkin), director of 2007's 'The Great Global Warming Swindle'. Produced by Tom Nelson (@TomANelson).

Please

Today's Squat Complex

1x3 @ 88%
6x2 @ 65%
Dead squat 4x1 @ RPE 8

Go to the gym

Goal Setting Exercise for Fitness Goals

http://Tompfeiffer.com for fitness coaching

Go to the gym

Now they’re up to 10 shots! Not very effective! 4 shots and you still get it???

4?!

Well, better get another one just to be safe…  x.com/RobSchneider/s…

Ukraine 

Can #bitcoin stop endless war that financially benefits those who print and steal?

What do you think?

The path to the greatest good for the most people is to adopt a #bitcoin standard to restore what made USA the dominant force for the last 100 years.

Belief as soon as we pass ATH Optimism #bitcoin x.com/tompfeifferfit…

Optimism #bitcoin Between Hope & Optimism  x.com/tompfeifferfit…

Between Hope & Optimism Hope stage now  #bitcoin x.com/tompfeifferfit…

My favorite clip from the COVID mania and proof that the government cares about you. 

Vaccine & junk food for your health!

Hope stage now  #bitcoin Hope stage comes next 

#bitcoin

You can choose how you want to adapt your spine. If you want to be a powerlifter, stop training spine flexibility. Avoid Jefferson curls. If you want to be a yoga teacher, avoid heavy loads.

If you want to be poor, don’t study #bitcoin 

Don’t learn or grow as a person.

“Trust the science”

The science:

Fix the money, end war #bitcoin Fucking lunatics.

Hope stage comes next 

#bitcoin

Disbelief 

#bitcoin

Wow

No amount of data can convince a sheep to change their opinion.

They need the government to tell them what to think. 

Make sure you get your booster!

Inflation is caused by greedy businessmen!

My Top-5 Stretches for #DegenerativeDiscDisease

If you want to read more, check out this blog post

Happy MLK Jr Day  

We’re closer than we’ve ever been to this ideal.

This is how most people bend forward. It looks like a #jeffersoncurl

This is how the human body is designed to move: primarily at the hips. 

Improving hinge mobility and strength is the path to recovery from back pain. 

If you try to Jefferson curl without having a great hinge you’re probably making your back pain worse.

Running bitcoin

The #Jeffersoncurl is not wrong, it’s just usually recommended too early on the path to recovery.

Spinal stability -> Hip Mobility -> Thoracic Mobility -> Spinal Mobility

My clients master the hip hinge first because the low back is relatively more flexible than the hips, and

Your attire attracts people to you, sometimes not what you expect!  #bitcoin

Explaining back pain 

Chronic musculoskeletal pain is almost always made worse by one particular motion, posture, or load that a person unknowingly repeats.
People go to great lengths looking for a "quick fix" to avoid changing their habits, but these external solutions

Warning   if you haven’t tried this exercise, you will feel it the next day so start with one set!

I program 10-20 reps for my back pain clients after they’re able to hold a side plank for 30 seconds with perfect form.

Stability > Mobility
Side planks or suitcase

The US debt has surpassed $34 Trillion

Grateful for #bitcoin

If you have #backpain step one is to get a functional diagnosis to understand the cause of your pain.

Most doctors are unable to provide this, but luckily there is a list of qualified doctors on Dr. Stuart McGill’s website.

The cause and the solution comes from you! You are in

I’ve told friends and family for years to buy #bitcoin

Most buy SPY or 5% dividend yields

It will be sad once they start to ask me questions at new ATHs but you get in at the price you deserve!

Stretching the low back for pain relief is a mistake that’s gaining popularity on social media.

The low back is often the MOST flexible body part.

When considering what stretches to do for back pain, consider RELATIVE FLEXIBILITY.

Have you been told to stretch your low back

The only good proof of steak  

#bitcoin

I went to a check cashing place yesterday for a family member.

There was a line out the door with people who wanted to cash checks or send money for 1-2% fee.

All I could think about was how bitcoin will put them out of business soon. The future is bright!

My Top 9 Books for Fit Pros  

Book 1: Back Mechanic by Stuart McGill

A comprehensive guide to back pain. This book provides detailed information on the causes of back pain, as well as practical solutions for prevention and treatment.

Book 9: Rebuilding Milo by Aaron Horschig

This book provides detailed information on the body's mechanics and how to improve strength, mobility, and stability to reduce the risk of injury.

These are my 9 essential books for any fitness professional looking to improve their knowledge and skills. I hope you enjoyed this thread!

What are your favorite books? Let me know in the comments!

Top 9 Must-Read Books for Fitness Professionals

These are the books I would recommend for any personan trainer, physical therapist, or fitness enthusiast. It’s only 2 minutes long, check it out!

This guy gets  it. 

Owning stocks is more risky than owning #BTC once you understand how Bitcoin works. I have sold all my stocks and bought #Bitcoin   

My wife and I still own our primary residence and my wife still owns some stocks (she wants to diversify).

It took me 3 years of studying Bitcoin to conclude that I don't want to risk my hard-earned wealth anymore. If I didn't

Socialists think that the economy is a pie to be divided up and passed around. But the economy is not a pie. It's an oven for baking pies. Socialists dismantle the oven and pass out the parts.

This was my favorite COVID video

Get the clot shot and earn a healthy burger and fries !

The government cares about your health like I care about Nancy Pelosi’s stock portfolio. Take it in. Really soak in every moment of this clip and ask yourself... Did you trust the right people back then?

VIVA LA LIBERTAD CARAJO

Billions of new dollars are coming to #bitcoin through these ETFs just as the supply is getting cut in half! Listen closely, my friends. #bitcoinisinteresting

Imagine seeing this and wanting to save in USD 

https://usdebtclock.org

US debt is going to infinity

I think we’re between Disbelief and Hope on the Market Cycle  #bitcoin

The Bitcoin White Paper changed the world with only 9 pages.

Satoshi Nakamoto deserves the Nobel peace prize 

#bitcoin

White Paper
 https://tompfeiffer.com/bitcoin

Whatever you want is attracting to you right now

A common cause of #backpain is a lack of core stability i.e. you move too much at your lower back instead of your hips or thoracic spine. In this 9 minute video I walk you through a stability workout that is challenging and effective. If you have back pain or want to improve your

Chiropractic is a tool to relieve pain symptoms, but any long term solution must not depend on someone or something else.

As a young man I went to a chiropractor and learned how to “crack” my back. Unfortunately this led to me “cracking” my back and neck dozens of times per day,

I used to ice all my injuries because I thought it would help me recover. I now realize the time I spent icing could've been better invested for my recovery.

Pain-free movement as soon as possible following injury accelerates healing of muscle and bone, while icing actually

Work by faith, not by sight.

Drugs are a mask, not a solution!

The solution is improving body awareness and creating healthy habit changes, but your doctor probably won't help with that.

If you have #chronicbackpain and want to get healthy, start with small daily habits of improving how you use your body.

Never attribute malice to what can be attributed to incompetence.

Nothing is intentional and it’s not about you. Wish them the best and move on

The first step to recovery is identifying the functional causes for your back pain to allow your tissues to heal.

I remember being told I had a disc bulge, scoliosis, spinal stenosis, and degenerative disc disease.

“Ok, doc, what do I do?” was my natural response.

“Well, stop

Yoga for #chronicbackpain

https://youtu.be/Y2AMaE4VdLs

Things your financial advisor doesn’t realize.

1-5% allocation is a no-brainer #Bitcoin

Incredibly early educational video detailing how #Bitcoin and money works, from June 2011. 

BTC price: A few dollars.

THE FUTURE OF #Bitcoin


@jack
 
@BitcoinMagazine JUST IN: Jack Dorsey Block's #Bitcoin hardware wallet is now available for pre-order

I’ve found focusing on the hips to be more effective for #lowbackpain than focusing on the low back.

“He who treats the site of pain is often lost” - Dr. Karel Lewit

#backpain #chronicbackpain

Trigger Point Testing & Myofascial Release Introduction

Release Trigger Points with Self-Myofascial Release to overcome your #chronicpain

New YouTube Video:

The #CubanPress might be the missing exercise in your #shoulderhealth routine.

Build muscle and rehab at the same time! Never push through pain.

Training the rotator cuff will help if you lack shoulder stability, but not if you lack subacromial space or thoracic mobility.

Variety is the best posture.

However, all postures are not equal. Optimal posture is standing, sitting, or lying with as little muscle activity as possible.

Sitting on the sit bones (right) is superior to resting your bodyweight on your pelvic floor muscles (left). It's not the posture, there is no magic posture. It is in fact the staying in the posture that is the problem. Preach change of posture, always. All postures are bad after 10 mins. Not all muscle stress is bad if it is diverse!

Look at pictures of children or ancient statues to see how the human body has naturally evolved to stand with soft hips slightly behind.

Sedentary lifestyle and sensory-motor amnesia cause Western societies to slouch. Misconceptions about posture cause people to over-correct which does even more damage than just the slouching. 

It’s possible to survive with bad posture without ever getting chronic pain, but many

Saying “posture” doesn’t matter is like saying “body awareness” doesn’t matter.

Sedentary lifestyle and sensory-motor amnesia create poor posture and can cause #ChronicPain 

Posture is a neuromuscular choice.

Your low back is a small group of muscles, the hips are a large group of muscles.

The time you spend doing #Jeffersoncurls would be better off hinging.

Reinforce good movement patterns and improve hip mobility especially if you have #lowbackpain

Poor posture &  Chronic Pain

Which came first?

Sensory-motor amnesia is when there is a disconnect between what your mind wants to accomplish and what your body is actually doing. This causes people to contract muscles without realizing it, which  can lead to chronic pain.

Sensory-motor remembering is an educational process done by an active person to bring awareness to what the body is doing. This includes posture and movement.

The solution to #chronicpain often starts with the breath and breathing deeply.

Here is your life’s purpose:

Be the person you needed when you were younger.

Our purpose in life originates from our experiences, but it must be bigger than ourselves.

It’s also not complicated. Stop searching, start being.

You can buy nice clothes, a nice car and a nice house. 

You can’t buy a nice body.

If you get surgery it doesn’t look the same. It has to be earned.

Go earn it!

Improve your turkey digestion with these breathing tips 

Happy thanksgiving!

The #Bitcoin network is stronger than ever.

If you don’t understand what this means, why not educate yourself? https://x.com/DocumentingBTC/DocumentingBTC/status/1726616372200014308…

Freedom > Communism

NEW - Strike CEO on Fox Business: #Bitcoin "is going to hundreds of thousands of dollars per coin"

December 
January
February
March 
Bitcoin halving

The supply of #bitcoin will be cut in half in 5 months.

If demand stays the same the price goes up. Simple economics.

Moon soon #bitcoin

Base case #bitcoin is a 20x from here… 

might want to get some in case it catches on. NEW: Cathie Wood says her base price for #Bitcoin is $600k

Your belief in the words you say makes your reality.

Choose words wisely.

Understand the mystery of Sciatica



#sciatica #chronicbackpain

Some people will benefit by practicing nerve flossing where you “glide” them like you would floss a tooth back and forth without stretching the nerve. If this makes your symptoms worse, stop immediately and rest until symptoms decrease. You can try again with less intensity or

If you’d like to learn more, check out this blog post:

If you’re a traditional investor, do you realize your 5% dividends are losing you money in real terms?

Learn #bitcoin

6 BEST BOOKS TO UNDERSTAND CHRONIC PAIN

Once you absorb these books you start to see patterns everywhere 

What’s your favorite #chronicpain book?

“He who treats the site of pain is often lost” - Dr. Karel Lewit

It’s a mistake to assume the problem is in the place that hurts. For example, the lower back is rarely the direct cause of lower back pain.

Focus on the hips and learn how to hinge before rounding and loading Quite the opposite, graded exposure is exactly what they need. 
How do you propose to improve the s.m.a. when you are denying the area flexion underload? By the way I'm a Physiotherapist, so the load is often body load in patients who are scared by pain made worse by being rigid.

The only proof of steak I’m interested in  

#bitcoin

MUSCLE TESTS to identify weakness and potential causes of CHRONIC PAIN

Try these tests 

#chronicpain #backpain #backpainhelp #backpaincause

HIP FLEXOR STRENGTH

Hold your knee above hip height for 10 seconds or more.

This helps greatly for Muay Thai

FUNCTIONAL DIAGNOSIS tests help us understand the cause of  CHRONIC PAIN 

If your coach says “It’s all in your head, find a new coach.

 SOLUTION 
Look for someone with personal experience who has helped themselves and others to get out of pain  
@tompfeifferfit

Stop stretching your lower back!

Compensatory relative flexibility and compensatory movement patterns that work in the moment can contribute to injury in the future or allow degeneration to persist and progress.

This means that most people need to learn to move at the hips instead of the low back. 

Learn how to properly hinge before you do something like a Jefferson curl!

Your subconscious mind is like a garden, whatever you plant, it will grow. So, nourish it with the seeds that will bloom the life you want.

Mental health is the greatest danger in America. https://x.com/scrowder/statu/scrowder/status/1721545965402726734…

Bitcoin is going to WIN.

Proof of work  #bitcoin

Bill Miller IV on #Bitcoin: There’s a real demand globally for an uncensorable asset where the regulators can’t change the rules and the measuring stick over time

In October, 
@MicroStrategy
 acquired an additional 155 BTC for $5.3 million and now holds 158,400 BTC. Please join us at 5pm ET as we discuss our Q3 2023 financial results and answer questions about the outlook for #BusinessIntelligence and #Bitcoin. $MSTR

A great day in history  Satoshi Nakamoto published the historic #Bitcoin Whitepaper 15 years ago today.

Money printer go brrrrr

Learn #bitcoin TREASURY TO BORROW $776 BILLION IN THE FINAL THREE MONTHS OF THE YEAR (CNBC)

In a closely watched announcement Monday afternoon, the Treasury Department said it will be looking to borrow $776 billion.

The Treasury said it expects to borrow $816 billion between January and

We are watching the fall of the United States  from the inside US To Borrow $1.5 Trillion In Debt This & Next Quarter, After Borrowing A Massive $1 Trillion Last Quarter https://zerohedge.com/markets/us-borrow-15-trillion-debt-next-quarter-after-borrowing-massive-1-trillion-last-quarter…

Lmaooooo  Family: what do you think about EtHeReUm ?

Me:

Avoid Jefferson Curls 

This won’t help your #backpain and here’s why  

Moving at the spine during compound movements will either hurt your back or limit your performance.

Any side bend variation is also a great movement for #chronicbackpain that trains in a different pattern from your daily postures and will help to bulletproof your back.

The movements that are best for you will be unique. Follow so you don’t miss out on how to determine which exercises are best for you!

#chronicbackpain #chronicpaincoach

WRONG things coaches will say about #chronicpain:

“It’s all in your head”

“Posture doesn’t matter”

Coaches who work with athletes are usually completely unaware of the experience of most chronic pain sufferers.

Most people sit 12 hours a day and lack body awareness. Then they go to the gym to “train like an athlete” and get injured.

If you have #backpain the coach you choose can help or seriously hurt you. Choose wisely!

#backpaincoach

My purpose in life is to help others, but I want to stay away from 95% of them.

People are obnoxious, stupid, and inconsiderate.

I have no problem with eliminating 95% of people. It would be a significant improvement to the world in my opinion.

It is sad how much more some people care about the appearance of good, rather than the reality of it

When I was growing up being liberal meant being peaceful and accepting others.

Now liberals want to start wars and stop freedoms.

What happened???

Learn #bitcoin

The #bitcoin bull market has begun. 

There will be local tops and drawbacks, but the next 18 months will be very interesting. 

I hope your bags are packed!

Ice is helpful for pain management or emergency use but it’s not a long term solution to chronic pain If ice "fixes" your injury, you were never hurt to begin with

I’ve been diagnosed with #spinalstenosis, #scoliosis, and #degenerativediscdisease. 

I now know my functional diagnosis is flexion intolerance from sitting wrong!

This one image could’ve saved me a lot of pain. If you have back pain, check your sitting! #chronicbackpain

You need to roll your pelvis forward (pelvic anteversion) to avoid straining the discs of your back.

If you’re tall, like me, you might need to elevate your hips with a sitting wedge like this one.

“You should diversify your portfolio”

#bitcoin

Centralized stock exchange down, #bitcoin never down. SOMETHING BIG JUST WENT WRONG IN THE LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE 

TRADING IN MOST STOCKS 
IS HALTED IN LONDON x.com/gurgavin/statu…

Study #bitcoin CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL AMERICANS 

THE GOVERNMENT DEBT PER CITIZEN HAS NOW OFFICIALLY CROSSED OVER $100,000 

THE US NATIONAL DEBT NOW SITS AT $33.5 TRILLION DOLLARS

#SpinalStenosis Book Review

These are not long term solutions to back pain:
- ice
- avoiding movement
- low back stretches

Watch to understand the government misinformation campaign.


@profstonge
 exposes 
@paulkrugman
 as the big phat phony he is. Love to see it! Paul Krugman declares victory on inflation: “We won, at very little cost.”

Maybe the failed war on inflation didn’t cost Krugman anything, but it cost the American people a lot: 

- the average family has now lost $7,300 of annual income, 
- tens of thousands of businesses

This #Bitcoin spot ETF is really happening. 

Easiest investment opportunity of our generation. Don’t mess it up! JUST IN: Fidelity has submitted an updated version of its S-1 application for a spot #Bitcoin ETF. Notable recurring themes in the amendments include:

- Detailed specification of custodial arrangements
- Clarification of mechanics related to hard forks
- Emphasis on valuation

Make sure you get your boosters! Pfizer issued a press release Friday afternoon stating definitively that mRNA covid vaccines “show increased risks” of myocarditis + pericarditis.

Highest risk = adolescent males.

It’s INEXCUSABLE that 1000s of college kids are STILL forced to get a shot w/these known risks.

Socialism doesn’t work because it assumes everyone is a good player.

The best part of the next #bitcoin bull run will be when the family and friends who laughed at me start to ask me for help. 

Either that or the getting fabulously wealthy

Finally a crypto explanation we can all understand! We need more awareness about the dangers of crypto

The easiest trade is to buy bitcoin before the ETF gets approved. JUST IN: Spot #Bitcoin ETFs now have a 90% chance of being approved, according to Bloomberg analysts.

Great news if you don’t need to eat, stay warm, live indoors, or go anywhere! 

Highly regarded!

Learn #Bitcoin The war on inflation is over. We won, at very little cost

#Bitcoin makes war unprofitable

JUST IN - Legendary investor Paul Tudor Jones: It's "hard to like stocks" right now.

"I like gold and #Bitcoin "

As a Salvadoran with Palestinian ancestry, I'm sure the best thing that could happen to the Palestinian people is for Hamas to completely disappear.

Those savage beasts do not represent the Palestinians.

Anyone who supports the Palestinian cause would make a great mistake

Had a conversation yesterday about how income is the same for most people and EVERYTHING is more expensive.

“Let them eat cake” Is America getting poorer? 

Have our ruling clowns finally killed the Golden Goose?

Half of young Americans are now living at home. Cars on the road have never ben older. Houses are shrinking. The American diet is going third world. Even life expectancy is falling for almost a

All of the job gains in September came from the US government.

• Government jobs rose by ~1 million in September.
• Non-government jobs fell by 400,000.

That's a lot of public school teachers.

Joe Rogan says, “#Bitcoin has the best chance of becoming a universal currency”

Do you understand #bitcoin ? Joe Rogan receiving a lesson in #Bitcoin in 2016

In a single day, the US added more than half of #Bitcoin’s entire market cap in debt. That’s something like 10 million 
@BTC
. And yet there are still people that are unsure if $27k is a good price to buy.

Understand others,

And they will understand you,

Give before getting.

#haiku

What gives life meaning,

If happiness is the goal,

Learn to serve others.

#Haiku

"There's a reason education is lousy, and it's the same reason that it will never be fixed"

 …  George Carlin 

"It's never going to get any better. Don't look for it. Be happy with what you have"

"Because the owners of this country don't want that. I'm talking about

#Bitcoin is the blockchain  

Banks and governments are centralized and corrupt. 

In the age of AI all truth will be built on top of the blockchain, and you only need one first layer blockchain built on the most secure computer network ever

When the bank blocks your card…

Become your own bank with #bitcoin

A 315lb bench press is a human right. Rest is a human right.
Vacations are a human right.
Retirement is a human right.

As people, we are not meant to work all day everyday until we die. It’s inhumane and unnatural.

Something I wish I had learned younger 

Do more pull-ups

The Democrat party used to be the party of freedom, peace, and helping people. 

Now they want war, limited speech, and no guns.

What happened?!

Your freedoms don’t get taken all at once, but one bit at a time. 

What will they take next?

If you’ve made it this far, consider reading the US Bill of Rights or follow 
@LPNational


 https://archives.gov/founding-docs/bill-of-rights-transcript…

If you have zero exposure to #bitcoin either you’re broke or uneducated.

Learn Bitcoin. Ray Dalio is a billionaire investor and the founder of the world's biggest hedge fund.

Listen to him explain #bitcoin

If you say the wrong thing on the internet, the government can steal your money. 

#Bitcoin is something you own that the government can’t steal from you. If you cannot do whatever you want with it, then it's not really yours now is it?
Money at the bank belongs to the bank. They might give you permission to use it, but that depends on what you want to do with it.

Exit this nonsense, take sovereignty. #Bitcoin

Learn from a master of investing  https://x.com/DocumentingBTC/DocumentingBTC/status/1706629270204756166…

Soon you will understand absolute scarcity #bitcoin MicroStrategy has acquired an additional 5,445 BTC for ~$147.3 million at an average price of $27,053 per #bitcoin. As of 9/24/23 @MicroStrategy hodls 158,245 $BTC acquired for ~$4.68 billion at an average price of $29,582 per bitcoin. $MSTR https://microstrategy.com/en/investor-relations/financial-documents/microstrategy-acquires-additional-5445-bitcoins-and-now-holds-158245-btc_9-25-2023…

Against war. For Bitcoin.

The more you learn about bitcoin the more you realize it will change the world. 

The more you learn about crypto the more you realize it’s a ponzi with little value.

Strong men create good times.

Liberals are unable to see problems with government because their solution to every problem is more government.

Like doctors who think surgery and drugs are the solution to every problem.

Their beliefs blind them to the truth.

Freedom and #Bitcoin

JUST IN: First human patient to be implanted with Neuralink brain chip, Elon Musk says.

Intentional open borders, who is behind this? Strange that there is almost no legacy media coverage of this.

About 2 million people – from every country on Earth – are entering through the US southern border every year.

The number is rising rapidly, yet no preventive action is taken by the current administration. x.com/BillMelugin_/s…

A visionary leader 
@nayibbukele Watch my speech at the United Nations with english subtitles x.com/nayibbukele/st…

This plane will never be found now I’ll be damned..

I hope they actually do this so we can experience the failure of communism. Food shortages and limited options on the way! Chicago mayor announces plans for government-run grocery stores as real stores flee shoplifters and high taxes that will apparently be used to copy the Soviet Union 

As for those shoplifters, you can guess what a Chicago-run store will look like 

https://zerohedge.com/political/chicago-mayor-johnson-moves-toward-city-run-grocery-stores…

When demand for #bitcoin increases there will be no increase in supply.

What happens when demand grows and supply stays the same?

 "#Bitcoin is the only asset where supply is unaffected by demand."
- Bill Miller

#Bitcoin is punk rock This is what makes Bitcoin, #Bitcoin

With everyone buying #Bitcoin

1) What BREAKING: 1 million mRNA COVID shots for teens will prevent 0–1 COVID deaths and cause 100,000–200,000 severe side effects, according to the CDC’s own data.

My cousin is having heart complications after a booster shot he was required to take for college.

Don’t get the COVID vaccine.

Use safety bars and don’t use clips if you’re benching alone Imagine fighting for your life with old school R&B on

The future of global payments is coming JUST IN: Lightspark CEO @davidmarcus on CNBC, “We are still in the  fax era of global payments and that’s what we are attempting to solve [with #Bitcoin]”

Communism gives power to the government. Capitalism gives power to the people.

Fiat currency gives power to the government.

#Bitcoin delivers power from the government to the people, and it’s the natural progression of humanity.

Masks, again?!

#Fauci #Masks

The government is lying to you. 

Wake up!

Learn #bitcoin Every single jobs report in 2023 has been revised down, per Peter Tarr, @ProfitsTaken:

It’s cool to be experiencing history and the creation of e-cash Milton Friedman predicted #Bitcoin in 1999:

„I think that the Internet is going to be one of the major forces for reducing the role of the government. The one thing that’s missing, but that will soon be developed, is a reliable e-cash.“

4 shots and you still get it???

4?!

Well, better get another one just to be safe…  Masks, again?!

#Fauci #Masks

But my liberal friends said inflation is caused by COVID, Putin, and climate change.

Are you saying they’re wrong? Are you implying printing money causes inflation?

#bitcoin

Your tax dollars at work

The future of money transactions #bitcoin Our Bitcoin payment experience at the gas station in El Salvador was seamless and quick! #BitcoinPayments #ElSalvador
---
¡Nuestra experiencia pagando con Bitcoin en la gasolinera en El Salvador fue rápida y sin problemas!  #PagosBitcoin #ElSalvador

#Bitcoin analysis

Not as technical as 
@Anbessa100


But clear: Up Forever, Laura

Almond milk is expensive water with little nutritional value. 

DRINK REAL MILK

Most people couldn’t get “bulky” if they wanted to. 

Muscle is more dense than fat.

If you want to look and feel good, lift weights

Proof the government is good at running things:

DMV
Post Office
Public Education

We need more government, not less. Could you imagine if these were privately owned???

The climate does appear to be changing.

Humans are polluting a lot.

Nobody knows if climate change is being caused by humans polluting.

From 1997 until 2021 there were 28 dunks in the WNBA.

In 2019 in one game an NBA player had 27 dunks. 

Biological men should be allowed to compete with women and if you disagree you’re probably a Nazi.

Study bitcoin January 10, 2016

The price of #Bitcoin was $450

Seven years from now, today’s price will look just as absurdly cheap…

Do you understand what happens once trillions of new dollars come to bitcoin?

You will witness what absolute scarcity looks like. An approval of a Spot #Bitcoin ETF is inevitable. - Jay Clayton, former SEC Chair

While I do speak and write about other #Bitcoin    metrics just for the fun of it, in my opinion, this is the only one that truly matters: Hash rate. Everything else is noise to me, even the USD price. 

If you want to know the growth of #BTC   , here it is. If you want to

I know people my age who have six figure portfolios but own zero bitcoin. 

Bitcoin adoption is the investment opportunity of our lifetime.

Why don’t they see this?

I spoke with a client yesterday who had 2 COVID vaccines and 4 boosters. 

She also got COVID 8 times!!

She said she’ll get another booster. What do you think about that? Remember when they all promised that the mRNA shots would stop the spread of the virus?

True communism has never been tried. Democrats Say True Lockdowns Have Never Been Tried https://buff.ly/3t14sSn

It’s Monday, go to the gym

Garry Kasparov on #Bitcoin

They want your money, they don’t want you healthy. This picture was taken from a cardiology office owned by a hospital practice 

Please understand something, THEY DONT CARE AVOUT YOU

Does the left realize they just made Trump into a martyr? This makes him more popular than ever. http://DONALDJTRUMP.COM

Lamb shank cooked so you can eat it with a spoon! Delicious

You have to push yourself harder to build muscle and strength, but only once you’ve mastered technique.

Get 4 COVID shots and still get it? Very fortunate you got them or it could’ve been worse 

IQ test and most people failed Masks, again?!

#Fauci #Masks

Legacy media is dead. X will become the news source for the world. Here’s what’s happening at 8:55pm ET.

#Bitcoin is a transformation of very essential parts of civilization - 
@Excellion

They’ve been saying the same things since the ‘80s

Governments create fake narratives to control you.

Opt out, learn #bitcoin

It seems the current agenda is to start a bunch of fires around the globe and then blame climate change.

As with all government agendas, the objective is to control you.

Opt out of government control, learn #bitcoin

I am so sick and tired of woke culture. 




He explains it perfectly.

Climate change is the current thing to distract you. https://x.com/RealJamesWoods/RealJamesWoods/status/1693384490260025357…

The single biggest life improvement comes from spending time around people who talk about the future rather than the past.

This is a picture of me from 10 years ago. I was very skinny.

If you’re a young man, focus on building muscle. 

Nobody cares if you have abs, but if you don’t have muscle you’ll look like a string bean

I’m cool with that  #bitcoin

This is heartwarming

When does Joe Rogan get an apology for his platforming of Ivermectin

The FDA now says the Nobel Prize winning drug is approved to treat COVID

How many lives could have been saved?

It was all about tyrannical control. It was not about "health" or "science"

Do not trust the

Can a Pro-#Bitcoin presidential candidate save  Argentina from economic collapse?

Stupidity is surprising sometimes  https://x.com/cornflake_rust/cornflake_rusty/status/1690785777901330432…

Hawaii fire is serious. I hope the government provides some help to these poor people. Update from a contact that uploaded his video.  Folks, this is much worse than you know. Slow playing the death toll. It’s massive. Please just pray for these folks and stay the hell away from the island.

The same people want to launch a CBDC and force you to use it. #Bitcoin fixes this. A recent audit of the Bank of Lebanon showed:

1.) Officials likely embezzled over $300 million to family members and close associates
2.) They implemented a nationally-regulated Ponzi scheme to explode the national debt 
3.) They hid $76 billion in losses from the Ponzi scheme

“As of today, a bank or other financial service provider will be able to immediately freeze or suspend an account without a court order.”

Don’t wake up after it’s too late  

#bitcoin https://x.com/Resist_05/stat/Resist_05/status/1690501626250043392…

https://x.com/MrErnestOwens//MrErnestOwens/status/1640041393837035520…

RDLs > conventional deadlifts

More tension
More control
More muscle

Only do things you would be proud of in the future. 

When you take an action, consider how it affects you in 1 year.

Confidence comes one good choice at a time.

#Bitcoin fixes this Lyrics Version - Rich Men North Of Richmond 

@aintgottadollar

Imagine if conservatives invested in Culture. Music. Art.

An off-the-grid farmer surrounded by his dogs just dropped the most listened to song on earth.

Make real content people can relate with. 

Solid principle

Ep. 15  Former Capitol Police Chief Steven Sund reveals what really happened on January 6th. Our Fox News interview with him never aired, so we invited him back.

*BIDEN ASKING CONGRESS FOR $13.1B IN DEFENSE AID FOR UKRAINE

*BIDEN ASKING CONGRESS FOR $12B IN EMERGENCY DISASTER ASSISTANCE

Ukraine > Hawaii

Holy shit! It looks like the government really tried to start a riot! To blame trump? Crazy!!! January 6th Was A FEDsurrection. When This Video Was Originally Posted on Twitter They (Old Twitter & The Feds) Altered The Video & Cut Off The Ending. Here Is The UNEDITED FULL VERSION

Watch as this *definitely not a Federal Agent* is vandalizing the Capitol and then begins

“What has to happen for you to change your mind?”

If they say “nothing” you’re speaking with a non-player character.

Move on and save your time.

I’m dying…

Men really want to play sports against women. Is it fair? Video from the protests outside the Texas Women's Hall of Fame (yes, even in TX) yesterday where Gov. Abbott signed the Save Women's Sports Act. Notice the man dumping water on the legislators

You don't waste ammo on something you don't want to hit. We're right over the target

All of that talk and neither one of them say the word Bitcoin

Why would they destroy evidence?

If you’re being honest, doesn’t evidence help you? The Democrats destroyed J6 records to protect Pelosi and deny Trump important evidence
https://foxnews.com/politics/j6-committee-failed-to-preserve-records-has-no-data-on-capitol-hill-security-failures-gop-charges…

One of the best ways to lose money is to trust the government.

Turkey 
Venezuela  
Argentina  
Zimbabwe 
Sudan  
Iran  

Coming to a country near you #bitcoin

Always abundance, never scarcity.

Except in #bitcoin

“Where is all of the hate coming from?”

 this is hilarious

#Bitcoin Spot ETF coming

21M limit, Next halving ~8 months

In the next year, absolute scarcity will send the price of bitcoin to the moon 

Never been more bullish  #BTC

#Bitcoin is math Many of you are spending your days looking for reasons why #Bitcoin will go down, while the coin is literally designed to go up forever.

I could think of better ways to spend my time.

It will take longer than you expect and it will happen faster than you thought possible.

That’s why having a small allocation to #bitcoin is essential for everyone.

The first time in history you get to front-run the banks.

coiners gotta  

#bitcoin only, everything else is a distraction Ignore FUD, keep building! #TRON and #Huobi will thrive through continuous development. Trust in our vision and community efforts for a stronger future. Perseverance guarantees success!

BREAKING NEWS

CREDIT CARD DEBT IN AMERICA HITS $1 TRILLION FOR THE FIRST TIME ON RECORD

More records.

The world needs #bitcoin This is hyperinflation at its finest

