Big news! I'm thrilled to announce that I’ve partnered with 
@paramountco
 to launch a brand-new FAST channel—THE TONY ROBBINS NETWORK! Together, we’ll be bringing over 45 years of my most powerful strategies, transformational seminars, and exclusive content to you—all in one

Happiness isn’t something you earn, it’s something you CHOOSE.

International Day of Happiness is a reminder that JOY is our true nature. HAPPINESS is our power—and our choice. We don’t have to wait for something big to feel happy—there is magic in the little things, too.

Energy attracts energy, and the more we celebrate, the more reasons life gives us to keep going.

Success and enjoyment come faster when we celebrate along the way! What’s something you’ll celebrate today?

100 Billion Meals Challenge Secures 30 Billion Meals, Redefining Global Hunger Relief Efforts

Congratulations to our friend Joanna Rajendran on her new book, BEST. LIFE. EVER.! 

Years ago, Joanna introduced Sage and me to her mentor, the legendary Tao Porchon-Lynch, whose wisdom and spirit inspired so many. Now, Joanna continues to share that message of peace, power,

That’s a wrap on the first Unleash the Power Within of 2025! 

What an unforgettable weekend—four days, 60,000+ souls from 156 countries, all coming together in pursuit of growth, transformation, and a life on our terms. And through it all, this technology made it possible

Missed this one? You can join us for Unleash the Power Within in Anaheim, CA, on Oct 9-12—attend in person at the Honda Center or virtually:

Everything in life follows a pattern. 

When you recognize the pattern, fear disappears. 
When you learn to use the pattern, you gain power. 
When you create the pattern, you dominate.

#UnleashthePowerWithin

True fulfillment isn’t found in what we get—it’s found in what we give. We grow so that we can contribute, we learn so that we can share, we rise so that we can lift others.

The deepest joy in life comes from knowing we’ve poured our hearts into something greater than ourselves.

Vintage vibes for this #FlashbackFriday

The Jurassic Park headlines are always entertaining, but they barely scratch the surface of Colossal’s true mission. In a conversation with 
@TonyRobbins
 , Colossal Co-Founder and CEO 
@BenLamm
 sheds light on the groundbreaking innovations and purpose-driven work that extend far

In excerpts from a discussion with 
@TonyRobbins
, DoubleLine CEO-CIO and Founder Jeffrey Gundlach shares his views on rising interest rates, market valuations, and the potential for significant institutional changes.

Coming this summer! I’m partnering with Paramount Global to launch a FAST channel, bringing 24/7 life-changing content straight to you. https://variety.com/2025/tv/news/tony-robbins-fast-channel-pact-paramount-global-1236314991/… via 
@variety

My friend 
@ChipYVR
 didn’t just build a brand—he ignited a movement. lululemon and the Future of Technical Apparel is the inside story of vision, innovation, and the power of playing to win.
If you want to learn what it really takes to create exponential growth, build an

I sat down with Chip at my Business Mastery event a few years back to talk leadership, innovation, and growth. 

 Watch the full interview here:

Ever felt on top of the world—only to lose that feeling in an instant? 

You’re making progress, hitting your goals, and then you see someone further ahead—and suddenly, everything you’ve achieved feels…small. 

That’s the danger of comparison—and I’ve felt it too. 

Let me take

I'm partnering with 
@Eterneva
 in gifting 3 LA families a diamond made from their lost homes— a symbol of love, strength, and remembrance. 

 Nominate a family or share your story at http://eterneva.com/la-fires

Warren Buffett's Million Dollar Bet

Often times people focus on trying to control the world around us. But, that’s beyond our control—we can only influence it.  What we can CONTROL is our thoughts and emotions, and if we can master those, we get the key ingredients for SUCCESS AND FUlFILLMENT.

Do what you did in the beginning of a relationship and there won’t be an end.

The IMPORTANCE of sleep.

A restful night of sleep primes you for the day ahead.

"Success isn’t just about strategy. It’s about the heart, the mindset, and the hunger you bring to the table—every single day." 

The best leaders don’t wait for the future. They create it.

 Are you building a future so compelling it pulls you forward?

In life and business, I’m always looking for ways to create impact. Antibiotic-resistant infections are a Top-10 global health threat, putting us all at risk. Innovation is critical in this fight—that’s why I’ve invested in EVŌQ Nano.

Their novel nanoparticles are transforming

Wow! Congrats to the CAZ Investments team for your ongoing commitment to being a leader in alternative investments. I am proud to share that CAZ Investments, and our global network of investors, made the largest commitment to a closed-end private equity fund in 2024 — $1 billion to Blue Owl Capital’s GP Stakes Fund VI.

This accolade speaks to the power of our network with over 6000 investors

The Total Transformation Package including all bonuses and our lowest Unleash the Power Within ticket pricing ENDS TONIGHT at midnight PT!

Life can get in the way and before you know it, another year has passed without real change. That’s why we created this full-immersion experience to help you break through what’s held you back and claim the life you deserve.

Unleash your powerful driving force that can make any vision, dream or desire a reality. 

 Get the Total Transformation Package now:

Change your story, change your life. Divorce the story of limitation, and marry the story of your unlimited capacity.

If you missed a day or more, you still have 35 hours to watch the replays for FREE on my YouTube channel.

For those who have already committed to Unleash the Power Within this March, I am so excited for you. This is the next step in your journey. If you haven’t signed up yet, there’s still time. Tap here to take the next step:

“There is a part of you that will always be fearful — just don’t let it be in charge.”

We’re LIVE for day 3 of the Time to Rise Summit! 
 
Watch here for free: https://youtube.com/live/5bhp9AB6-k8?si=50neyrZ9eQgxgTvZ…

1.3 MILLION strong from around the world! 

The Time to Rise Summit is LIVE! 

https://youtube.com/live/cV1gpUCYBSI?si=YmOryQ5qMeQKx6HV…

Thank you, 
@ErinBurnett
, for having me on 
@OutFrontCNN
 and for the thoughtful conversation about this moment in history we’re navigating — the loss, the resilience, the call to adventure — from the Certain to the UNcertain, and the power of coming TOGETHER. 

The fires in LA were

TONIGHT: I join 
@ChrisCuomo
 on a special 2-Hour edition of  #CUOMO. Tune in NOW on 
@NewsNation
. To find your channel, visit http://JoinNN.com

Join us for FREE: https://tonyr.co/3DtQwcX

This week, from January 30th through February 1st, I’m hosting The Time to Rise Summit—a 100% FREE, 3-day event packed with insights, tools, and strategies to help you make 2025 your best year yet. 

Last year, over 1 million

So many well-intentioned, talented, and successful people are burning out and completely unfulfilled. Why? Because they’re not in their wheelhouse or passion. Our gift of labor should have a sense of flow — when you’re in it, you know.

The 3 things you learn after overcoming extreme stress.

“The secret is finding something you obsess about more than yourself, and you'll have a level of energy that will compel you over the long term.”  — 
@TonyRobbins
 

 https://bit.ly/40ExIR9

The importance of having something in your life to strive for!!! Humans need a compelling future, here 
@TonyRobbins
 explaining why 

 
@laurynbosstick
 
@MichaelBosstick

The hero’s journey.

2025 can be your BEST year ever — but it starts with action. 

Join my FREE 3-day event, The Time to Rise Summit, Jan 30–Feb 1.

 Tap the link to claim your spot NOW! https://tonyr.co/3DtQwcX

This is your moment. Don’t miss it.

Over $4 MILLION for LA Wildfire Relief 

Sage & I, along with 
@TonyRobbinsFdn
, are donating $4M+ to help wildfire victims rebuild with housing, food, and emergency aid + free resiliency and healing resources. 

Need help or want to get involved? Click here:

Beyond Mere Survival | Tony Robbins 
@TonyRobbins

Incredible milestone for Colossal -- $200M Series C funding and a $10.2B valuation!  None of this would be possible without the unstoppable drive of our team, partners, and investors. Congratulations to the whole team -- we’re shaping the future.  CEO Ben Lamm shares his vision for the future of de-extinction science. This is the largest investment ever in species preservation, putting Colossal alongside companies like SpaceX and OpenAI. 

Scientists predict that we could lose up to 50% of all species on earth in the next

2025 is YOUR year.

No more settling. No more fear. This is your moment to step up, take control, and create an extraordinary life — whatever that means to YOU.

This January 30th to February 1st, I’m hosting The Time to Rise Summit—a completely FREE, three-day event packed with

Influence is the single most important skill you can master in your lifetime.

Your past doesn’t define you – it’s your DECISIONS that shape your destiny.

This January 30th - February 1st, I’m hosting The Time to Rise Summit – 3 days of transformation designed to help you master your inner world so you can take control of your future.

I know what it’s

Business is a HERO’S journey.

Every entrepreneur, every leader, every business owner will face challenges that push them to their limits. These challenges aren’t punishments—they’re invitations. A call to adventure designed to show us the hunger, courage, and grit we didn’t even

How To Build An Extraordinary Life - thank you 
@ChrisWillx
  for having me on the show!

Invest in yourself.

It's the best investment you can make.

Can’t think of a better way to start 2025!

The full interview with 
@TonyRobbins
 is out now across platforms. 
@RubinReport

What is the number one thing holding people back from achieving their dreams? 
@TonyRobbins
 X 
@RubinReport

“BIGGEST MISTAKE Of My Career” - Tony Robbins $125 Million Loss, Trump Relationship & NLP Secrets


@patrickbetdavid
 
@Tonyrobbins

Avoid This Business Mistake.

The start of a new year is the perfect time to step into your power — whether you’re setting goals for the first time or ready to elevate your vision for 2025. 

Take a moment to reflect on the moments from this past year that shaped you, the lessons that guided you, and the

2024 was extraordinary! We’re so grateful for YOU! Just some highlights:  

 1 MILLION+ people joined Unleash the Power Within, Date with Destiny & more.  
 30 BILLION meals provided worldwide. 
 Empowered 400,000+ women through She’s Unstoppable Summit.

Watch now to relive the energy, see the highlights from this past year, and experience the power of transformation. https://youtu.be/x2KWoggDDP4

"What you get will never make you happy. Who you become, will make you very happy or very sad. That's an identity." 


@TonyRobbins
 highlights the importance of establishing an identity, and challenging that identity by getting out of your comfort zone. 
@RubinReport

The New Year is almost here… and it’s YOUR time to RISE!

Join Sage and me for The Time to Rise Summit—a free 3-day virtual event, happening Jan 30 - Feb 1.

 Break through limits
 Reignite your energy
 Redesign your life for 2025

This is our LAST year hosting it!

Become an owner, not a consumer.

Your presence is your power.

In a world full of distractions, the greatest gift you can give is your full, undivided attention. Presence isn’t just about being there — it’s about truly showing up for the people you love, the moments that matter, and even for yourself.

When you’re present, you create connection. You deepen relationships. You experience life in its fullness.

Sage and I just shared our full holiday message — including a special gift to help you create your BEST 2025! Watch it here: https://tonyr.co/4fHMIlI 

Let’s make it

You don’t need an excuse to FEEL GOOD! Live every day with an attitude of GRATITUDE.

Make THIS Shift to Create The Life YOU Want

Success is the result of good judgment, good judgment is the result of experience, and experience is often the result of bad judgment.

The Holy Grail of Investing is one of 
@Spotify
's best audio books of 2024!  Congrats to my co-author 
@ChristopherZook
.  Couldn’t be more timely so pick up (or listen to) your copy today.

In just 2 years, the #100BillionMealsChallenge has secured 30 BILLION MEALS to fight hunger globally!

Special thanks to 
@foxnews
 for featuring this monumental milestone.

On this Giving Tuesday, I’m personally matching most donations—up to $2 million.  That means every $1 dollar you give can DOUBLE the impact. Let’s turn compassion into ACTION and fuel the next billion meals together.   Visit http://100billionmeals.org today to join the movement.

Energy is not only the basis of our existence, it is the fuel that makes everything in our lives real and possible.

One simple act of LOVE and KINDNESS can change someone’s entire day, week, or life. 

This Giving Tuesday, I invite you to join us in coming together to bring hope and kindness to our brothers and sisters in need. It’s heartbreaking to know that food insecurity still impacts

The secret to living is GIVING! 

When I was just 11 years old, a kind stranger brought my family a Thanksgiving meal. We had no idea it was coming, and that simple act didn’t just fill our plates — it filled my heart with hope. It showed me that STRANGERS CARE. That moment

True fulfillment comes when we reach to serve beyond ourselves.

It's a drive to grow, give, and share—not for recognition but for the love and sublime impact our gifts create for others.

When our "why" includes others—our family, friends, community, and even strangers —we

If you can recognize  PATTERNS , you have an edge. No matter the situation - you’ll recognize the pattern, learn how to use it, create something new, and DOMINATE.

As we prepare for Thanksgiving the name of the whole game is GRATITUDE and APPRECIATION for what we already have. 

Sounds simple but without these two emotions dominant in our lives we’ll never know true fulfillment.  

It’s these little MAGIC MOMENTS of connection and the

A lot of wisdom in this episode featuring my Holy Grail of Investing co-author 
@ChristopherZook
. He discusses how to build and scale a successful organization while also highlighting a handful of unique alternative investment strategies.  Enjoy!

The power of compounding.

Wow! Our last Unleash the Power Within of 2024 is in full swing this weekend here under the dramatic backdrop of the one and only NYC skyline! 

Last night, we witnessed nearly 20,000 people — many here with us walking the fire in New Jersey and 7,000 more joining virtually

Other than our love our labor is one of the most sacred gifts we can give. When your labor is your love, life is sacred. Love what you do or change.

Today, we express our gratitude for the men and women who have served this nation with honor — true heroes who embody the spirit of servo: guardians, protectors, and servant leaders committed to something greater than themselves.

Your courage, sacrifice, and devotion have shaped

Every feeling, every emotion, every reaction — we get to choose the story behind it. It’s our job to decide the MEANINGS that fuel our soul, that lift us up, that give us freedom of mind. We are the architects of our own life experience.

YOUR VOICE MATTERS. Make it heard today. Go vote!

It is in moments of DECISION that destiny is SHAPED.

FEAR can be spooky, but don’t let it haunt your life!  

F.E.A.R. = False Evidence that Appears Real. 

It shows up in the stories we tell ourselves about our limits, like ghosts from the past trying to hold us back.  These "stories" aren’t fact; they’re just interpretations

Anything can be achieved with a strong enough why!

What you GET in life will never make you truly happy long-term. Who you BECOME and what you CONTRIBUTE — that’s where you’ll find happiness and fulfillment.

It's not leadership by position that allows people to succeed; it's the capacity to influence the thoughts, the feelings, the emotions, and the actions of other human beings.

Had an awesome time on my good friend Cody Foster's podcast, the Business of Advice!  We covered everything from investing to longevity to lasting fulfillment!  
@AdvisorsExcel
 
@codygfoster

Our past does not equal our future… unless we live there.

City of Dreams has a 90 percent audience score - higher than several Hollywood blockbusters - and it’s about something that matters! Watch it on Amazon today - https://amazon.com/dp/B0DC17GXZ7

@elonmusk
 
@movies

In these unique times, direct conversations with our leaders are more important than ever. That is why I have invited Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump to participate in their own state-of-the-art, interactive town halls from my virtual studio to

Due to safety concerns surrounding Hurricane Milton, tonight’s virtual presidential town hall with former President Donald J. Trump and guest experts, has been postponed. As you may know, our studio is located in Florida—and ensuring the safety of everyone involved is the top

Responsible  Response Able

Thank you to the 
@GlblCtzn
 for inviting me to speak on stage at the #GlobalCitizenFestival, an epic day of music and IMPACT, joining together on a mission to defeat poverty. With 350 million people on the verge of starvation, this mission is more crucial than ever.

We're LIVE from Central Park for the #GlobalCitizenFestival! Join us for an epic day of music, impact, and change as we come together to defeat poverty. 

I'll be taking the stage later today to talk about  hunger relief -- watch the livestream here:

Despite an A CinemaScore and a 90% audience score, CITY OF DREAMS is the film they don’t want you to see.

Available on AMAZON today with 25% of profits going to A21 and other anti-trafficking organizations.

CLICK ON THE LINK and HELP END SLAVERY NOW  -  https://amazon.com/dp/B0DC17GXZ7

Honored to speak about my book, 'The Holy Grail of Investing,' at the CAZ Investments event in New York City. Kudos to the team for hosting yet another exceptional gathering of industry leaders.

Give more than you expect to receive.

#CityofDreams is the film they don’t want you to see! Available ON DEMAND on September 27.

THANK YOU, EUROPE! 
 
What an incredible honor it was to be back! With 13,000 passionate people in-person and 1,000 more joining us virtually from 64 countries, we came together, grew together, and UNLEASHED our true potential at the Lanxess Arena in Cologne . The energy,

Yes, the strategy, skills, tools — are all critical components to creating real and sustainable growth, but knowledge alone is not power, it's simply potential power. Execution will always create greater results than theory.

And execution starts with your psychology.

A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.

Today we kicked off Day 3 of Unleash the Power Within EUROPE! We’re 30+ hours in, and the energy is off the charts! We’re transforming lives, making deep connections, and having a blast  

What’s been your biggest breakthrough so far? Share with us!

Hello from Unleash the Power Within in Germany! I’m taking a quick moment to urge you to see our new film, City of Dreams. This powerful film shines a light on the heartbreaking reality of 12 million children trapped in human trafficking and child labor. 

Please, gather your

Germany, it’s been 24 years but we’re BACK to UNLEASH!

What a privilege to kick off these four days with all 13,000 of you — both those Zooming in from home AND all those here at Lanxess Arena in Cologne. Danke! 

This is my 47th year of “Unleash the Power Within” and let

EUROPE! Are you ready to UNLEASH in Cologne?! I’ll see you all in less than 24 hours! Drop a flag emoji to show US where you’re coming from!

Knowledge is NOT power.

Knowledge is only POTENTIAL power.

ACTION is power.

Today on Labor Day, let’s celebrate more than just hard work — let’s take a moment to honor the deeper meaning behind it. The truth is — labor is service, and service is life.

When we give our labor, we’re offering a piece of ourselves, an expression of love in action. Whether

Millions of children are victims of modern slavery. 
@cityofdreamsmov
  is the story of one who fought back. 

Now playing only in theaters - Get tickets at https://cityofdreamsmovie.com

Success leaves clues. 

Extraordinary results don’t happen by chance—they are created through focused strategies, relentless action, and an unstoppable mindset. When we learn from those who have mastered their craft, we unlock the secrets to achieving greatness ourselves.

That’s

One of the most important films of our time opens in theaters today nationwide. Get your tickets to 
@cityofdreamsmov
 now http://cityofdreamstickets.com

Twelve million children are enslaved around the world right now. So many of them are in the United States, and people don’t even know it. #CityofDreams is a film that can change lives and save lives. https://foxnews.com/video/6360970064112… #FoxNews

Money will not change you, it will magnify your essence.

On Wednesday August 28th #cityofdreams will be hosting the biggest premiere in American history. Claim your complimentary passes today. https://cityofdreamspremiere.com

I'm proud to be an executive producer of 
@cityofdreamsmov
, a powerful film exposing the reality of child labor. Get FREE tickets to sneak previews starting Aug 28. Let’s pack the theaters and spread the message!

Check if City of Dreams sneak previews are showing in your city and get your FREE tickets here: https://cityofdreamspremiere.com

Tomorrow on 
@OneNationFNC

Over 12 MILLION children are trapped in modern slavery today. 
@cityofdreamsmov
 is more than just a film—it's a call to action.

Inspired by true events, this powerful story follows Jesús, a young boy with dreams of becoming a soccer star, whose life is shattered when he’s

This is a story that MUST be told. Please share this film with everyone you know, and make sure to see City of Dreams in theaters August 30th, Labor Day weekend.

 Buy your tickets here: https://tickets.cityofdreamsmovie.com

Together, we can raise awareness and fight for the innocent

When women flourish, everyone flourishes. 

 Watch the highlights from our She’s Unstoppable Summit here: https://tonyr.co/4dVOEX4

What an incredible experience it was to witness so many powerful women from around the world come together and unlock their true potential.

It’s finally here! 

We are LIVE with the amazing Sage Robbins at the Unstoppable Woman Summit 2024! 

It’s Not Too Late To Join Us – Claim Your Free Seat NOW: https://tonyr.co/3LGcZEl

We’re less than 24 hours away! 

Join us tomorrow at 11AM PT | 2PM EST for our FREE She’s Unstoppable Summit, where thousands of individuals from all walks of life, all identities and backgrounds will unite to tap into their strength, ignite their spirit, and awaken their TRUE

As a business owner, it's your opportunity to do more for others than anybody else.

And when you’re obsessed with giving more – with meeting and surpassing the needs of your clients, you’ll not only succeed, but you'll make a DIFFERENCE in their lives.

A message from “City of Dreams” Executive Producer Tony Robbins.

We are proud to unveil a powerful music video by Luis Fonsi and Linda Perry, created to promote our upcoming film, City of Dreams. 

This story, inspired by TRUE EVENTS, follows a boy who is trafficked across the

The real chokehold in business isn’t a lack of skills — it’s the PSYCHOLOGY of the leader. 

We all tell ourselves stories — excuses rooted in fear that prevent us from taking action or making decisions. These stories hold us back and keep us from breaking through to the next

AI is taking the world by storm! Yes, it’s an incredible tool, but it’s also taking content directly from publishers, artists, and creators without compensating them.  

My dear friend and business partner, 
@Bill_Gross
 who revolutionized the tech world in the 90s by creating the

If you want to learn more about ProRata and how it’s changing the game, visit http://ProRata.ai

In the midst of everything, laughter keeps us grounded.  
@TonyRobbins
 and I had a good laugh while filming. Keep smiling and laughing at yourself, it makes life kinder! 

#SageRobbins #TonyRobbins #Connection #Growth #bettertogether

Where FOCUS goes, ENERGY flows. If we don’t take the time to focus on what matters to us, then we’ll live a life of someone else’s design.

What do you notice in this moment, you are grateful for? 

Gratitude heals. Gratitude renews. Gratitude awakens and opens our heart.

Tag a friend your heart is grateful for

There’s an UNSTOPPABLE force within ALL of us!

I’m excited to share something truly special with you. 
@SageRobbins_
  and I are hosting the 2024 She’s Unstoppable Summit, featuring a powerful lineup of speakers -- Tyra Banks, Hayley and Derek Hough, Bari Baumgardner, Maria

We invite you to join us on August 21 for She’s Unstoppable Summit — it’s FREE! Save your spot:

How to Build Rapport.

Hello everyone! It’s a gift to join you here on X. My husband 
@tonyrobbins
 and I have traveled this planet for some twenty years. 

We are all a part of this miraculous tapestry we call LIFE. I look forward to joining you and connecting with you as we navigate this human journey.

There is no greatness without a passion to be great.

Save the date! Something big is coming… 

Awaken your true potential  https://tonyr.co/3LGcZEl

Wednesday, August 21 | 11am-3pm PT | 2pm-6pm ET

Theodore Johnson's Path to Financial Wealth: Pay Yourself First

When 
@TonyRobbins
  calls, you answer.

When he asks you to bring his decades-long legacy into 2024 — a bead of sweat drops from your brow — and you rise to the challenge.

You build him a brand identity and web experience as dynamic, as warm, and as transformative as he is.

What an UNFORGETTABLE WEEKEND!  

During a POWERFUL 3-day training, we dove deep into the Rapid Planning Method—the ultimate guide to crafting a life filled with lasting meaning, success, and fulfillment, freeing up more time for what truly matters.  The amount of joy

The most important thing to understand is that quality salespeople are not trained, they’re found – then trained. If they don’t have a love for building relationships, passion for your product or service and sales confidence, they may achieve sales short term, but not long-term.

For the FIRST TIME in 23 years, we're unveiling the EXACT system that I've personally created and relied upon to achieve MASSIVE VALUE and INCREDIBLE FULFILLMENT—RPM: Rapid Planning Method. 

Most people today are so busy making a living they haven't taken the time to design

The ALL-NEW http://TONYROBBINS.COM Site is LIVE!

I'm beyond excited to share that the all-new http://TonyRobbins.com is officially live! We’ve created a powerful hub where people from all around the world can learn more about our mission to transform lives, discover upcoming

Skill is a power that allows you to complete a goal, but psychology is the state that empowers you to create and maintain vision. Most people don't realize that 80% of the time, the chokehold restricting growth around businesses of all sizes is the psychology of the leader.

A message from ”City of Dreams” Executive Producer Tony Robbins.

The story told in this film is  inspired by TRUE EVENTS. It follows a boy who is trafficked across the border and sold to a sweatshop in downtown Los Angeles. Please share this important message and go see this

More exciting AI progress by my partners at 
@amgistudios
!  AMGI is proud to be partnering with @elevenlabsio 

ElevenLabs is the premier AI speech synthesis company in the space. Recognized as a major contributor to the ongoing AI boom, this exciting partnership ensures our ability to make the highest quality AI integrated products.

What would happen if you could settle into a clarity of mind free from constant anxious thoughts?

WATCH THE FULL VIDEO ON YOUTUBE and discover the transformative potential life’s vertical axis:

Recognized as “the most spiritually influential person in the world,” 
@EckhartTolle
 joins us on the latest episode of The Tony Robbins Podcast: https://youtu.be/i1LoZSDJ5qE

Great ideas won’t interrupt you.

Put yourself in new environments
 Take risks
Go after it

So grateful that 
@Forbes
 listed "Money: Master the Game" as one of the greatest investment books ever written!  Honored to be included alongside classics like "The Intelligent Investor" by Benjamin Graham, which shaped Warren Buffett's investment strategies for a lifetime.

Check out the full summer reading list here: https://forbes.com/sites/robertdaugherty/2024/07/03/summer-reading-ultimate-guide-to-the-25-greatest-investment-books-ever-written/…

Happy 4th of July!!

It's our job to find the grace in this and every moment of our lives – that's when life is truly magnificent.

Every moment of our lives, whether we realize it or not, we’re answering these three questions – and if we’re not careful, they take control of us.

Knowledge isn't power until it's applied. Take ACTION - take what you learn and make a difference with it.

Happy Fathers Day Tony Robbins!  Thank you for the gift of your presence and the power of your fatherly light in our home and hearts (And so many others’ homes and hearts, too! You’re a father to many!). 

We’re celebrating ALL the fathers, brothers, mentors, uncles, papas,

What does being a FATHER/Father-Figure mean to YOU? 

Watch my full Father's Day podcast episode here: https://youtu.be/sT3ZEF29_8M?si=HoRLeJxx9gMGSHiq…

We're LIVE for The Game Has Changed Event Day #3! Watch now: https://youtube.com/live/l6lcEQsraKg?si=E-_vVbIGyE5znmCr…

We're LIVE for The Game Has Changed Event Day #1! 

Join us here: https://youtube.com/live/y5H4kx0YOBQ?si=N_7MI8JqdXbNLTE0…

Thank you 
@KimGravel
 for having us on your show! Check it out - Summer of Success: How to Unlock Your Value with Tony Robbins & Dean Graziosi

If you want to change your life, change THE QUALITY OF QUESTIONS YOU ASK YOURSELF EACH DAY.

All you have to do is take a look around and see how dramatically the world has changed.

While this transformation has opened up incredible opportunities, it's also brought a lot of fear and uncertainty.

That's why on June 13-15th, I'm thrilled to host a live virtual event with

Join us for 3 powerful days, just 2 hours each day, where we’ll help you unlock your full potential, do work you love, and find deep purpose in what you do.   There’s absolutely no charge to attend. Secure your spot by clicking this link:

My teacher Jim Rohn used to say, 
“Here’s the big challenge in life: 

You can have more than you’ve got BECAUSE you can become more than you are.

And the other side of that coin reads: UNLESS you change how you are, you’ll always have what you’ve got.” - Jim Rohn

To me that

Happiness is an inside job.

Our brain is millions of years old and it wasn’t designed to make us happy, it was designed to keep us alive.

Our brain used to help us survive  saber-toothed tigers, but now (without the tigers, thank goodness) those survival fears have been

Today, as we recognize International Children's Day, I urge you to extend your support to the most vulnerable victims of wars and natural disasters.

Your small act of kindness can have a massive impact — just $20 can save a baby's life. I’ve committed $1M — $100,000 a year for

Please help us reach our goal of saving a million babies by the end of this year . Your support today promises a brighter tomorrow for a baby in desperate need .

To have your donation matched, donate now via this special fundraiser link: http://give.embraceglobal.org/tonyrobbins

Today on International Children's Day we are spotlighting a deeply vulnerable group—premature babies born in the midst of conflict and crisis. I’m proud to support Embrace Global, a nonprofit dedicated to safeguarding these young lives.

I met Jane Chen when she attended one of

At 
@fountainlife_hq
, we’re going beyond the sickcare system to build true, preventive healthcare. Here’s how: http://bit.ly/CURALINK

Prime Your Brain to STOP Stress, Anxiety & Fear

Earlier this month, I had the privilege of meeting with my Inner Circle community for a personal coaching session. We focused on the Power of Perspective and learning how our focus shapes our experiences. 

REMEMBER: None of us experience life. We experience the life WE FOCUS

These 3 questions will change how you think and do everything.

May is #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth, and while we each face our unique challenges, there are some fundamental keys we can use to maintain a state of mental well-being. 

Here’s a powerful technique to help us get mentally and physically unstuck:

This technique, known as RE-FRAMING, is one of the most powerful tools we can use to enhance our emotional fitness.

Reframing allows us to see challenges through a new lens, transforming obstacles into opportunities for learning, growth, and evolution.

My partners at 
@AMGIStudios
 have built some incredible tech to make AI come to life!  Real time animated characters that are powered by large language models. Think Pixar meets ChatGPT. Excited to see the many uses, especially in education and entertainment. AI can generate new ideas, provide real time feedback, and even collaborate on projects. Pushing the boundaries of what is possible in creative fields… 

@sama meet Chat Buddy @amgistudios Animated ChatBot

If we don’t make a CONSCIOUS DECISION about how we’re going to live, then we have ALREADY made a decision.
Supporting autonomy and decision-making in our children’s development is one of the important principles of modern CONSCIOUS PARENTING. 
In our newest podcast episode,

Watch the NEW FULL EPISODE with Tony, Sage, and Mary B on YouTube now:

Please give a warm X welcome to my Holy Grail of Investing co-author 
@ChristopherZook
. He has made a huge impact on my investing life and will undoubtedly share valuable wisdom and insights related to alternative investments. Give him a follow! Hello X world!  Glad to join the party!  I have to say, 2024 has been quite the year as I was blessed to have co-authored the #1 New York Times Bestseller, The Holy Grail of Investing, with my dear friend and longtime mentor @TonyRobbins.  While I am often in the media, he

For AI to have a positive impact on our lives, we need to be able to trust the information it produces. It's inspiring to see 
@Seekr
 Technologies building responsible AI that reduces errors and bias to better serve businesses and individuals. For people to trust #AI, it needs to be transparent and built with reliable data.

Seekr solves problems around errors and bias by building in transparency from the start.
 
This unlocks enterprises to build #trustedAI that solves real-world problems within their industries.

Mother Energy

We are now LIVE for The Unshakeable Business! 

Don’t miss this FREE 1-day virtual event! 

Join us here: https://youtube.com/live/MdnDcgjniMs…

Prayer is an opportunity to commune with the source beyond our understanding— the miracle power that breathes life into our world as we know it. Our faith in the light even amid unimaginable darkness.  

Prayer is language that doesn’t include a demand, it simply offers its

It’s National Small Business Week!

I'm putting on a special event to support small business owners. Be one of the first to save your spot: https://tonyr.co/3xS8VgC

Don't miss this exclusive episode of The Tony Robbins Podcast, featuring the incredible Sam Nazarian, the visionary entrepreneur behind an empire of hospitality, nightlife, and real estate!

Watch his remarkable journey from immigrant to billion-dollar entrepreneur:

My co-author Christopher Zook gives a great perspective on interest rates. #TheHolyGrailOfInvesting Fed isn't getting data that shows they need to cut: Christopher Zook |  https://video.foxbusiness.com/v/6351976677112 @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness

There are 3 types of leaders in this world - which one are you?

Grateful to 
@Real_Leaders
 who just announced their #1 Top Keynote Speaker!  Thank you to your amazing readers – it's truly an honor to be recognized alongside so many friends who have collectively impacted millions of lives each in their own way and unique voice.

In the article, I shared insights on navigating TOUGH DECISIONS. Because here’s the reality…

Every day, we are faced with countless choices. REAL LEADERS recognize that progress often requires making difficult decisions. We ALL feel the weight of uncertainty at times, but

QUESTIONS are the ANSWERS.

Join me and Sage as we unravel the transformative power of self-inquiry in our latest podcast episode: 4 Incredibly Powerful Questions To Ask Yourself Every Day. 

We're diving deep into the heart of human suffering — those persistent thoughts and

One highlight from our weekend at Augusta was the chance to connect with the legendary 3X Masters Champion, Nick Faldo! https://t.co/RWuv1YJAwb

At Seekr, we are dedicated to building trust in the web.

Our new strategic collaboration with 
@intel
 will combine Intel's superior compute power to our AI products, delivering solutions for customers that need error and bias free AI.

Read more: https://bit.ly/3JjBp5d

As AI becomes an increasingly important part of our daily lives, the development and use of responsible AI should be top of mind for us all. Thrilled that @seekrscore and 
@intel
 are joining forces to bring explainable, responsible AI solutions to enterprise customers. Today, we are announcing a multi-year strategic collaboration with @intel to deliver the next generation of trusted, responsible AI solutions to enterprise customers.

Read the full benefits: https://bit.ly/3JjBp5d

#Seekr #Intel #AIEverywhere

When you hear the words “financial abundance,” few names resonate as powerfully as 
@tonyrobbins
 . 

#SUCCESSmagazine #TonyRobbins #SUCCESS

Flashback Friday! Wishing every-onesie a great weekend!

The May/June 2024 #money issue of SUCCESS magazine is here! Shift your mindset and build personal wealth with methods from the world's most esteemed life and business strategist 
@TonyRobbins
 . Subscribe today for instant digital access or grab a copy at a newsstand near you!

Last month I had the privilege of celebrating my 64th birthday. I’m a leap-year baby, so this past birthday was extra special. 

I haven’t always been a fan of birthdays, especially ones with a zero at the end. 

For me, birthdays like my 40th used to be a reminder of all the

We’re hopping into April like…

We hope your weekend was filled with joy, and love, and plenty of playful moments just like this one with our favorite Easter bunny.

May your hearts be light as we celebrate the beauty of Spring renewal, resurrection, redeeming grace, and

Having the opportunity to serve our LARGEST Unleash the Power Within crowd EVER was a true blessing.  

We're filled with deep GRATITUDE and JOY reflecting on these incredible moments from this weekend:

To everyone who joined us, played full out, and brought their whole selves to this transformative experience, we send you our biggest THANKS and all the love in the world.

If you were with us this weekend, drop in and SHARE: What was your #1 takeaway?

And... we’re off! 

The B-I-G-G-E-S-T Unleash the Power Within in HISTORY — and the first of 2024 — is now in full swing! 

THANK YOU for inviting us into your homes by way of Zoom — we’re translating languages and streaming LIVE into 119 countries across the globe!

Every year, at least 2.8 million Americans sustain a traumatic brain injury.  

Quiet Explosions: Healing the Brain, is a powerful documentary directed by my friend, Emmy Award winning filmmaker Jerri Sher, that shows us how veterans and athletes who have suffered from TBI and

In recognition of #BrainInjuryAwarenessMonth, Quiet Explosions: Healing the Brain, is available to stream for free!  Click here to watch:

If you or someone you know suffers from TBI or PTSD, I highly encourage you to watch this documentary, and share it with your friends. These new breakthroughs could help save someone they love.

Proximity is power! Who you spend time with is who you become. Surround yourself with people who make you GROW!

“Woman is the light of God.” ~Rumi

Thank you for being all that you are! We are all blessed by your existence. On this International Women’s Day, here’s to the many incredible women I have had the privilege of working alongside and learning from.

We would love to hear from you.

@TonyRobbins
 at 
@kwri
 #kwfr24

The Holy Grail of Investing has hit #1 on Amazon, Barnes and Noble, AND The New York Times Best-Seller List!  

Congratulations to my co-author, Christopher Zook, on this exciting achievement. And thank you to the 13 incredible investment titans who contributed their

Listen to an excerpt from the audiobook edition of #TheHolyGrailOfInvesting by #1 
@nytimes
 bestselling author 
@TonyRobbins
 & renowned investor #ChristopherZook, featuring wisdom from some of the world’s most knowledgeable investors. CC: 
@simonbooks

Nasdaq’s Purpose drives us to create opportunities for people of all backgrounds. We were pleased to welcome life & business strategist 
@TonyRobbins
 to MarketSite to celebrate the launch of his new book, The Holy Grail of Investing. He shares key advice for finding success

Tony Robbins highlights the 'holy grail' of investing to maximize returns on 
@mariabartiromo

I spoke with 
@TonyRobbins
  about The Holy Grail of Investing and the ultimate strategies for financial freedom

I'm thankful to 
@ChrisCuomo
 for hosting me on 
@NewsNation
! My new book, "The Holy Grail of Investing," is now available for purchase. Grab your copy now: https://tonyr.co/3w7wD7w

Thank you 
@RyanHawk12
 for having me on The Learning Leader Show! 

Episode #568: Tony Robbins – Learning From Mentors, Building Confidence, Becoming More Valuable, and Coaching The World’s Most Impactful Leaders https://learningleader.com/tonyrobbins568/ My conversation with @TonyRobbins is now live wherever you listen to podcasts... Enjoy!

Author and coach Tony Robbins wants to show the Average Joe how to reduce their financial risk and tap into an “extraordinary opportunity that only the wealthy had before.”

Tony Robbins reveals keys to investment success from 'masters of the universe' https://foxbusiness.com/video/6346791516112… #FoxBusiness

“And what they are today is not just butts in seats. The real value is the real estate they now have around these stadiums, and the big money is the media.” - 
@tonyrobbins


On why you should invest in sports ownership on the latest @WillCainShow

https://buff.ly/3vtg8QI

Just finished recording with 
@TonyRobbins
 
Comes out tomorrow wherever you listen to podcasts...
I think you'll enjoy it

Tonight I’ll be joined by entrepreneur, best selling author, life and business strategist, 
@TonyRobbins
 ! Watch live on NewsNation at 8pmET #LetsGetAfterIt

Tony Robbins explains how to profit from real estate, energy, and sports teams https://investmentnews.com/playlist/in-the-nasdaq/video/249436… via 
@investmentnews

The Holy Grail of Investing is #1 on Amazon of ALL BOOKS — thanks to YOU! 

Congratulations to my co-author Christopher Zook, and to countless others whose contributions made it possible to bring this book to life.

Get your copy here: https://amzn.to/42mbZww

Thanks to every

“At any moment, whatever you focus on, you’re gonna feel.” - 
@tonyrobbins


On the 3 decisions we make every moment of our lives


@willcain
 http://buff.ly/3vtg8QI

I stopped-by a bookstore at lunch today to find 
@TonyRobbins
 #HolyGrailofInvesting, which just hit store shelves today. It’s at the top of my #reading list. Who else is reading it? #investing #tonyrobbins #books

“We’re drowning in information. We’re starving for wisdom.” - 
@tonyrobbins


On how our natural negative biases shaped society


@willcain
 http://buff.ly/3vtg8QI

Today, let’s get rich…or at least better…with Tony Robbins on The Will Cain Show.

On objective vs subjective reality, Theo Von, SSRIs, sports investing, Wayne Dyer, and whatever…

Watch Live 12ET 
@TonyRobbins
 
@WillCainShow_

Buy the new iPhone each year or take that money and buy $AAPL shares?

"If you put that same amount of money on Apple stock you'd have $200K... right now instead of spending $20K+," says 
@TonyRobbins
. "We're a consumer culture and if you become an owner the whole game changes."

"I was just with Howard Marks, Ray Dalio and Jeffrey Gundlach... they're all three talking about how they think interest rates are more here to stay," says 
@TonyRobbins
. "They think that these higher rates of inflation are what we're going to have to get used to."

Thank you 
@SullyCNBC
 for having me on 
@LastCallCNBC
! My new book, The Holy Grail of Investing, comes out TOMORROW! Grab your copy - https://tonyr.co/3w7wD7w "If you had a million bucks and you put it aside in the S&P 35 years ago, forgot about it, it's worth $26 million. Take the same million, same 35 years, put it in private equity... it's $139 million," says @TonyRobbins on the power of investing in private equity.

My new book, THE HOLY GRAIL OF INVESTING, comes out in just a few days! .

Pre-order your copy and listen to the first chapter TODAY for free here: https://theholygrailofinvesting.com

We’re offering a special BONUS when you pre-order here:

PS: ALL profits for this book will be donated to Feeding America through our One Billion Meals Challenge. By ordering this book and investing in yourself and your future, you’ll be joining me in supporting this worthy cause so close to my heart.

Tell Me Your State and I’ll Tell You Your Future  https://linkedin.com/pulse/tony-robbins-tell-me-your-state-ill-you-future-tony-robbins-edchc%3FtrackingId=LsDW7RaeQteAFE3dAcjH%252Fw%253D%253D/?trackingId=LsDW7RaeQteAFE3dAcjH%2Fw%3D%3D…

Listen to Chapter One of my new book - Holy Grail of Investing 
@holygrailbook
:

Heard 
@TonyRobbins
 on my go-to podcasts, joined the free virtual event Time To Rise Summit last weekend, and gained valuable insights. Check out my notes – feel free to save, print, and share if you find them useful! #tonyrobbins #timetorisesummit

We’ve been feeling your EXCITEMENT about the incredible UPW March trailer we played during the Time to Rise Summit. 

So, here it is – a sneak peek into the IMMERSIVE, TRANSFORMATIVE experience!

Reminder: Our cart for the Total Transformation Package, including our Summit-Only Bonuses and UPW ticket, closes at MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! 

Check it out here: https://tonyr.co/3Orm8lR

If you’re joining us for UPW in March, let me know! We can’t wait to see you there!

We're LIVE  for the Time to Rise Summit Bonus Day: Activate Your 2024 Results Plan 
JOIN US: https://youtube.com/live/FBbriMwVtCo?si=EkBMpXk_XSui0eMT…

Surprise!  We will go live TODAY at 11 AM PT | 2 PM ET for one more day of the Time To Rise Summit as a bonus! I’ll be walking you through the exact 5-step process to create lasting change – to become who you were TRULY meant to be. We’ll see you there! 

 Join us here:

SAGE ROBBINS is about to join us for Day 2 of our Time to Rise Summit Day 2 - join NOW: https://youtube.com/live/BYqe6FpDTjc?si=p3BRWOjDA-YQ_5gF…

We're LIVE!!! Time to Rise Summit Day 2: Expand Your Identity & Relationships JOIN US: https://youtube.com/live/BYqe6FpDTjc?si=egjzps2ugOKD_16R…

WE'RE LIVE!!!! Join me NOW for our Time to Rise Summit Day 1! https://youtube.com/live/lnRK2VJMM0w?si=Kk-r61FjzEsA5-Lp…

Our 3-Day Time to Rise Summit kicks off in less than 24 hours! 

There’s still time to join us — sign up here for FREE: https://tonyr.co/3txpjBh

Here’s what you get when you join us for the Summit:
 Proven systems to elevate all areas of your life
 Tools to supercharge

How do we know if America truly is in a “winter of fear”? 
@TonyRobbins
 tells me that our division is a major sign: “Everything is seen as the worst, people see people’s motives as wrong. … Any issue, people are so divided on.”

Join me January 25-27 to craft a 2024 “Results Plan” for free. It’s all part of our 3-day virtual Time to Rise Summit. 

 January 25-27, 2024
 11AM-2PM PT | 2PM-5PM ET
 Access from anywhere
 Free to attend

 Click now to register and claim your FREE virtual ticket:

Get ready for an absolutely POWERFUL conversation with 
@TonyRobbins
 ! I’ve been dreaming of this moment

Ep. 66  A spirit of sadness has descended on the country. You see it everywhere. That's not surprising, says Tony Robbins, and it's not forever.

In a world where words carry an invisible but undeniable currency, our emotions and therefore the quality of our lives are sculpted by the meanings embedded in the words we choose. Listen to the latest episode of The Tony Robbins podcast - Choose Carefully! Words Have Power

the legend 
@TonyRobbins
 is coming on the podcast in a couple hours. 

~8 years ago. I didn't really know who he was. One day, I binge watched a few of his youtube videos, and then saw he had a black friday sale for tickets to a seminar in new jersey.

I was pretty skeptical going

Explore the journey of two iconic American figures in my friend Brian 
@kilmeade
's latest book, Teddy and Booker T. This gripping narrative tells of the challenges faced by Theodore Roosevelt and Booker T. Washington as they helped lay the groundwork for true equality in America.

This episode will help you become the HERO of your own journey financially, physically, and emotionally and step into a life of abundance in every sense. 

CLICK TO WATCH/LISTEN!!!
https://konect.to/edmylett
Life and Money Mastery Secrets w/ 
@TonyRobbins

Identify your problems, but give your power and energy to solutions.

How to make 2024 your best year  Thanks for having me on 
@jessebwatters
 Primetime! https://foxnews.com/video/6344707591112… #FoxNews

Stop Waiting for the "Right Time"… 2024 Is Your Time to Rise 

 Stop settling for average
 Become the person you were always meant to be
 Let the world experience the greatness that lies within you
 Wake up to who you truly are
 Transform dreams into action

My Time to Rise Summit FREE - save your spot today!
https://tonyr.co/3txpjBh

Spent the day in Florida talking about healing America with my old friend 
@TonyRobbins
.

My dear friend and doctor 
@DrGundry
 has a new book out today: GUT CHECK. It's designed to give you straightforward strategies to boost your longevity and vitality by protecting the 'master' of your entire body: Your GUT. This transformative guide is jam-packed with mind-blowing,

The collab we didn't know we needed. 

This interview was incredible. 

Theo makes some jokes, and Tony drops powerful breakdowns throughout. 

Therapy + comedy + frameworks (Also, powerful seeing Theo tear up and share what's real for him.)

I loved the breakdown of "Modeling"

Thanks to 
@TheoVon
 for having me on your podcast!  Had a blast talking about changing your perspective in the new year, new ways to set yourself up for financial success, and more. Check it out! | This Past Weekend w/ Theo Von #477

Tips for following through on New Year's resolutions https://foxnews.com/video/6344551733112… #FoxNews

I’ve had such a great experience with 
@iollohealth
 from Stanford University, genetic labs. Just got my biological age report and it says I'm half a decade younger than my chronological age. Check it out. This is the power of taking control of your health and longevity. Try iollo:

The new year is here, and it’s YOUR time.   
 
It’s time to stop settling. It’s time to break free from what’s holding you back. It’s time to become the person you know you can be – the person you WANT to be in 2024.   
 
Too often, the human brain makes it easy to come up

To secure your free spot, REGISTER HERE:

Welcome to 2024!

As we look ahead at the next 12 months, one thing is clear: we are living in uncharted territory. 

It’s a time when the economic, political, and social landscapes are changing at a record pace. 

We are all being touched by the events happening around the

Ready for the holiday rush?

This season, take a moment to pause, breathe, and NOTICE the unseen gifts of life.

 Read more and uncover the ULTIMATE gift you can offer this holiday.

Our Free Gift to You 

One of the most beautiful gifts of life is the responsibility to give something back by becoming more, doing more, and sharing more.

When we grow and share our gifts with others, we make the world a beautiful place to live.

Entering a new year is a time

As the holiday hustle intensifies, with travel and shopping, we often overlook the most precious gift for loved ones: our presence. Join Sage in a moment of reflection, to connect with the remarkable blessings that both this season and life itself graciously gift us.

Thrilled to have joined The Ben & Marc Show. Together with 
@vijaypande
, we had such an engaging conversation about the future of longevity, AI, mindset, and more! Thanks to 
@bhorowitz
, 
@pmarca
, and 
@a16z
 for the opportunity!

Watch the full episode here:

You’re the first to hear – my new book, The Holy Grail of Investing – is coming in February 2024! . Pre-order your copy and listen to the first chapter TODAY for free: https://lnkd.in/ezDrAjh7 
@holygrailbook

Ever wonder how some people seem to achieve effortless success or maintain steadfast drive without sacrificing their joy?

Today, we're sharing a simple yet powerful shift that can redefine this holiday season – and your life.

This is just a preview - watch the full video here:

HUNGER will DRIVE YOU through your challenges, setbacks, and fears.  
 
All over the world the most successful people are the ones who have a CONSISTENT, INSATIABLE HUNGER — one that NEVER goes away. 
 
They will NEVER SETTLE for less than they can BE, DO, SHARE, CREATE, or GIVE.

There's still time to contribute to our Giving Tuesday initiative! From now until December 5, donations will be DOUBLE MATCHED through my Challenge with 
@FeedingAmerica
  —providing triple the impact—up to a total donation of $100,000.

$1 helps provide at least 10 meals secured by Feeding America® on behalf of local member food banks. Donate here:

The secret to living is GIVING!  When I was 11, it seemed my family was in for a really tough holiday — we were without money or food. A kind stranger surprised my family with a Thanksgiving meal. That act changed my life and inspired my mission to END WORLD HUNGER.

Today, on #GivingTuesday, join us to make a difference. From now until Dec 5, donations will be double matched through my Challenge with 
@FeedingAmerica
 -- providing triple the impact -- up to a total donation of $100,000.

$1 helps provide at least 10 meals secured by Feeding America® on behalf of local member food banks

Click here to help us #ENDHUNGER:

It was an honor to contribute to 
@TIME
 magazine and share my mission to ERADICATE WORLD HUNGER. How is it possible that in the wealthiest country on Earth, over 44 million people — including 13M children, and 5M seniors — don’t know where their next meal is going to come from?

I committed to provide A BILLION MEALS through my partnership with 
@FeedingAmerica
. Today, on #GivingTuesday, I’m proud to announce what we’ve been able to accomplish and how we must come together to create sustainable solutions to #endworldhunger and food insecurity entirely.

I invite you to read my op-ed in 
@TIME
 and discover what our next steps are and how you can be part of the solution. I urge you to step up and join us. https://time.com/6340272/end-world-hunger/…

Remember, change begins with one person. The world we want begins with you and me.

Ready to unlock an EXTRAORDINARY quality of life?

There’s a SIMPLE, yet powerful, formula for happiness that anyone can master.

 Learn what it is in our latest blog post!

Gratitude, my friends, is one of the most powerful forces on this Earth. It's the force that transforms even our greatest challenges into blessings and carries us through our hardships, even when we may not realize it.

Jordan is a dear brother on the path, and a two-time stage 4 cancer survivor whose journey is a testament to the incredible power of the human spirit. His story is a beacon of hope and inspiration for us all.

Click here to watch his full story and discover how he overcame fear and found freedom, strength, and GRACE through it all: https://tonyr.co/3MO03xb

Let's rally together for a true young hero, Joseph Salmon. 

You may remember Joe, the courageous 17-year-old who risked his own life to save a man and his dog after their Jeep plunged into icy waters. Joseph's selflessness and bravery truly touched our hearts.

Recently, Joseph was involved in an accident. He underwent surgery, was placed in a medically induced coma, and is now progressing on his healing journey. The road to recovery won't be easy, but together, we can make a difference.

Join me in supporting Joseph and his family during this challenging time. Find out how you can help here: https://gofundme.com/f/joseph-salmon-medical-assistance-fund…

Together, we can make a powerful impact, help Joseph regain his strength and spirit, and show him that strangers care.

With everything going on in today’s world, it’s easy to overlook the good and feel like there's no future.

But what’s wrong is always available, and so is what’s RIGHT.

Whether you’re just starting or looking to MASTER your gratitude practice, our latest article provides

Gratitude connects us. Heals us. Transforms us.

Activate the power of gratitude with this simple technique -- use it to train your brain to pause, reflect, and appreciate. What are 3 things you are truly grateful for?

Watch and share these stories with your family, friends, and colleagues — together, let’s remember the core message of the season: LIFE IS A GIFT.

Tap here to sign up to receive my weekly gifts — you won’t want to miss them: https://tonyr.co/3MO03xb

Wait! STOP SCROLLING! See the recap of this weekend in less than 60 seconds.  

#UPW #UnleashThePowerWithin

The Artist, the Manager, and the Entrepreneur – which one are you? https://tonyr.co/461yjMq

#tonyrobbinsUPW 

VETERANS DAY 


@TonyRobbins
 honoring #veterans at Unleash The Power Within 

- Who has served or has family that has served in the military. Drop a comment.

Today, we honor our courageous veterans who have served selflessly in the name of FREEDOM.  To all soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen, we salute you.

For $50, you can gift this painting to a veteran or active-duty service member. If you do not have a particular recipient in mind, First Freedom Art will gift the print to a deserving service member on your behalf.

To all who have served, thank you for protecting our values, ideals, and freedom. Happy Veterans Day!  #VeteransDay

An extraordinary life is all about feeding the parts of you that you want to grow. And it’s about FAITH over FEAR.

Watch and share these stories with your family, friends, and colleagues — together, let’s remember the core message of the season: LIFE IS A GIFT.

Tap here to sign up to receive my weekly gifts — you won’t want to miss them:

The story you tell yourself determines your reality. Change your story, change your life.

There is a guiding force that shows up daily -- often unnoticed yet powerful. Some call it luck, God, or GRACE. 

Madhu's early life was spent in some of the most challenging conditions -- yet through it all, he found the gift of GRACE.

In this special interaction at a recent Date With Destiny event, we go deep on how we too can experience this in our lives, growing beyond what we think is possible. Watch what unfolded in the full video here: https://tonyr.co/3Ql4FMl

The holiday season is here – let's navigate it with a higher purpose. Each week, I'll be sharing stories that I hope will touch your heart, inspire you, and bring some extra light and joy to your holiday season.

Watch and share these stories with your family, friends, and colleagues — together, let’s remember the core message of the season: LIFE IS A GIFT.

Tap here to sign up to receive my weekly gifts — you won’t want to miss them: https://tonyr.co/3Ql4FMl

Today is World Mental Health Day. Through another intimate and at-home conversation of The Tony Robbins Podcast, the Robbins Family, Tony, Sage, and Mary B., delve into this critical topic that touches us all.

It's a universal truth that no one escapes this life without experiencing periods of pain and loss. While we all face our own unique challenges, there are fundamental keys that we can use to unlock and maintain a state of mental well-being.

Watch the full video out now on YouTube and get unstuck.

Unlock the secrets of financial success with wisdom from this memorable exchange with Warren Buffett. These insights can revolutionize your financial journey. Read the full article now: https://msn.com/en-us/money/savingandinvesting/tony-robbins-and-warren-buffett-exchange-secrets-to-achieving-financial-freedom/ar-AA1enHwl…

“The quality of your life is in direct proportion to the amount of uncertainty you can comfortably live with.” 

In order to grow in any area of your life, including your business, you must cross the threshold of your comfort zone.

And the rewards are bountiful on the other side of comfort.  It’s on the other side that the deepest levels of achievement, pride, and fulfillment are found.

Read more in my Newsletter, The One Thing:

How do you get your voice to be heard amongst 8 billion people? I think it’s more than just getting your voice heard. It’s really developing the skill of leadership. 
@Real_Leaders
  https://members.real-leaders.com/tony-robbins-getting-your-voice-heard/…

Dan Ariely's 
@danariely
 new book, Misbelief, offers a fascinating exploration of how our opinions are formed and shaped. It's a compelling read for people from all backgrounds, shedding light on the mechanisms that influence us in a world that can seem so divided. You may not

You can order your copy here -

@TonyRobbins
 said it best,
"Gratitude is the basis of life."

Ready to unlock the secrets of entrepreneurial success? Discover how to identify your ideal client, create an irresistible offer, and add unmatched value.

Read here: https://brnw.ch/21wCUwu

Thanks to 
@USAToday
 and 
@MediaplanetUSA
 for the cover feature!

Congratulations to my friend 
@donnyepstein
 on the release of his new book, The Seeker's Code!

We are now experiencing an unprecedented shift in the energetics available to humanity. The Seeker's Code is your guide to extraordinary living -- a must read for those who know that

The world needs more extraordinary leaders  . Master the foundational skills here -

Sydney, Australia  It’s so good to be back with you beautiful people after all these years!!

My friend Ellen Langer, the mother of Mindfulness, did it again. The Mindful Body: Thinking our way to chronic health is simply a must read. It’s fantastic! 

You can get your copy here, or wherever books are sold:

What if there was an extraordinary life within your reach, just waiting for you to claim it? One where every day is an adventure full of joy, passion, and fulfillment you can’t wait to begin?  

Join Sage Robbins and our incredible line up of speakers at the 2023 Unstoppable

ALL BUSINESS SCHOOLS AREN’T CREATED EQUAL!!  

It’s a party here in Palm Beach while we get down to business at Tony Robbins Business Mastery 2023.

The gladiators at 
@TonyRobbins
 #BusinessMastery are on fire tonight!!  There’s no doubt - You WILL achieve similar success!!

12 Game Changers Share Their Experience from UPW Last Weekend in Birmingham

Stand guard at the door of your mind. The information you feed your mind on a daily basis — whatever you FOCUS upon consistently – will affect your THOUGHTS, FEELINGS, and ACTIONS.

NOW is the time to build new habits and consciously design the way you choose to consume

The Own Your Future Challenge starts TODAY! 

I'll be joining 
@deangraziosi
 and a line-up of BRILLIANT guests for an INCREDIBLE 5 days (August 1st - 5th!). We're committed to fueling your fire, serving you at the highest level so that you can tap into your FULL POTENTIAL

Congratulations to my friend 
@themarvinpeake
 on the release of Out of the Tunnel — a true story of his quest to overcome homelessness, abuse & poverty and rise to success.

This book is for anyone who is driven to create a life of pure joy & abundance.

How are you doing, U.K?! 

Coming back to Europe after three years has been ELECTRIFYING with 8,500 souls right here in house with us and another 2,000 households joining in for this EPIC UPW! 

I’m so proud for each and every one of you who made the commitment to be

I've been reading 
@HoweGeneration
's work for 25 years. From his first book to our recent podcast, Neil's insights are invaluable. His new book The Fourth Turning Is Here is riveting & revelatory. A road map to a challenging yet hopeful future. A must-read! https://bit.ly/fourthturningishere…

The people who are the most ALIVE, DRIVEN, AND FULFILLED are those that seek to lead by a life of CONTRIBUTION and SERVICE to something GREATER than themselves.

We GROW so that we have more to GIVE -- it’s what we’re MADE FOR! Nothing in life will give us a greater sense of personal satisfaction than contribution in service to something greater than ourselves.

When you learn the power of sincere and selfless contribution, you will experience life’s deepest joy: true fulfillment. The secret to living is giving!

Think about it...  How can YOU begin ask NEW QUESTIONS that give you an entirely different perspective on the way you experience your DAY, and ultimately, your LIFE?

Questions like: How can I help? What would happen if I turned this around right now? What else could this mean? What can I do to make things work? What is something I can do for someone else today?

Love is the oxygen of the soul.

.
@TonyRobbins
, author, entrepreneur and philanthropist, opened the first ever #ForbesIconoclast Impact Day with a discussion of decisions. https://trib.al/Pr1RsNu

Today is the day! We're going live for a FREE TRAINING to IGNITE your summer momentum at 12 PM PT | 3 PM ET. 

If you're ready to...

 Reinstate your focus,
 Reignite your energy,
 Reprioritize your life path,
 Tap into your POWER,

We invite you to join us in this

Don’t let your 2023 goals slip away! 

Join my new FREE TRAINING on Wednesday, June 14 at noon PT | 3PM ET,  on how to break free of the mid-year slump!

Make this summer the turning point of your success story! 

Secure your spot: https://tonyr.co/45Iwnt0

Proximity is POWER! 

Change your life by consciously choosing who you surround yourself with.

Build your inner circle with people who lift you up, lend you knowledge and help you learn from your mistakes. The truth is, if you want to GROW, you've got to be around people who CHALLENGE you to RAISE YOUR STANDARDS.

Fill your life with people who will never let you settle for less than you can BE, DO, or GIVE and you will have the greatest gift that anyone can hope for.

“I’m optimistic that when you give people a choice, and not just filter them, people usually make the better choice for themselves and their family” - 
@tonyrobbins
. Seekr uses AI technology to score and rate content. Seek for yourself: http://bit.ly/3MHm93F #TechTuesday #AI

Congratulations to our team 
@golifeforce
! 

Lifeforce Raises $12M for Its Midlife Preventative Care Platform

Be a blessing to others and your life will be blessed.

"Together with 
@TonyRobbins
 , we are looking to harness AI for good and create a more informed society," says Pat Condo of Seekr. Read more about our new partnership herehttps://prnewswire.com/news-releases/tony-robbins--seekr-launch-online-series-highlighting-how-ai-is-impacting-and-accelerating-the-flow-of-misinformation-301828979.html?utm_source=social&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=tony%20robbins&utm_content=press%20release&utm_term=partnership…
#AI #TonyRobbins #SeekrScore

Guarding our minds is critical in our info-saturated world. @SeekrScore empowers us with an extraordinary AI technology that evaluates factualness, making the best informed us.

Be informed. 
Be a Seekr.

http://tonyr.co/seekr-tw

#WTISD #AI #Technology #SeekrScore

Happy Mother’s Day! 

On this special day, let us celebrate the Mother energy love within each of us. This love is a guiding light that illuminates the path for each of us, our beloveds and our future generations.

May this day be filled with cherished moments with loved ones. Together, let us spread these seeds of kindness.

If you haven't had the chance yet, we invite you to listen to our Mother's Day podcast episode. It is an open, connected conversation where we explore the depth and beauty of unconditional love:

Don't let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.

Life is about moments; don't wait for them, create them.

We ALL have plenty of things in our lives to celebrate. 

When we take the time to celebrate, we generate so much positive energy and momentum that our goals just happen. 

Not only that, but we also wire our brains to focus on GRATITUDE and HAPPINESS in the process. 

What

Don't let disappointment defeat you; let it DRIVE you.

Where FOCUS goes, energy flows! 

Remember, what we FEEL is a result of what we’re choosing to FOCUS on.

Most people focus on how to avoid pain in the short-term. If we want to push our life to the next level and experience fulfillment and true quality of life we need to be

We're going LIVE in less than 24 hours! I'm thrilled to announce that I'll be joined by 
@McConaughey
 and special guests for the Art of Livin' LIVE virtual event.

To join us for this unforgettable experience, head to http://livin2023.com to register for FREE!

During this event, we will explore how to find your own frequency, navigate your life's roadmap, and live with greater passion and purpose. Don't miss out on this incredible opportunity to SAY YES to yourself and discover what it takes to live an extraordinary life.

Happy #EarthDay!  Today we celebrate the breathtaking beauty of our planet.

As a proud partner with 
@SpacePerspectiv
  I'm thrilled to see their collaboration with #EarthDayNetwork to energize the planet with spaceflight. https://youtu.be/Q0pBGxmc3gQ

The legendary Carl Sagan's Pale Blue Dot speech surely inspires a new generation to champion our awe-inspiring planet with bold action.

Together, we can use the power of spaceflight to awaken our collective consciousness and reconnect us of the exquisite beauty of our planet.

As we reflect on the wonder and majesty of this #PaleBlueDot we call HOME, let us renew our commitment to stewardship. Through conscious choices & intelligent action, we can enjoy and appreciate the natural wonders of Mother Earth while nurturing her for generations to come.

IMAGINE all that you want to GIVE, and SHARE, and BE in this life. Then DECIDE you won’t let up until you DO.

Make it happen

It's CRITICALLY important for us to step into NEW ENVIRONMENTS and meet new people, because great ideas won't just interrupt us. 

They MUST be PURSUED.

If we want a new world, we need to START CREATING IT.

What's one thing you could do right now to pursue new ideas and opportunities?

Remember, it’s not just about what you know. ACTION is required to reach new heights, and that means becoming a powerful DECISION-maker.

We’re talking ALL things business from optimization & maximization, financial analysis, leveraging breakthrough A.I. technology, and so much more – all designed to ACCELERATE your life and your business.

Most importantly, we’re exploring how businesses can THRIVE in challenging times. Are you ready?

Each breath, each moment, each day is an opportunity to be renewed, to LET GO of the PAST, and to recognize that LIFE is always happening FOR us.

All we ever have to do is open our eyes to THE GIFT of life around us.

Freedom comes by knowing the TRUTH. Claim the truth of YOUR UNLIMITED NATURE today!

The people who are the most ALIVE, DRIVEN, and FULFILLED are those that seek to lead by a life of CONTRIBUTION and SERVICE to something greater than themselves.

Congratulations to my good friend 
@deangraziosi
 on launching the Own YOUR Future podcast!  The first episode stars 
@McConaughey
, exploring joy, happiness, and the Art of Livin'.  Catch this thoughtful conversation at http://ownyourfuturepodcast.com or on your go-to podcast app!

The three decisions that control your destiny are:

1. Your decisions about what to focus on.

2. Your decisions about what things mean to you.

3. Your decisions about what to do to create the results you desire.

You see, it's not what's happening to you now or what has happened in your past that determines who you become.

Rather, it's your decisions about what to focus on, what things mean to you, and what you're going to do about them that will determine your ultimate destiny.

Choosing to live in a beautiful state, regardless of what's happening around us, is the KEY  to living an EXTRAORDINARY LIFE.

Make this decision and TRANSFORM LIFE!

Shout out to everyone tuning in and cranking the energy from home! Day 1 of Unleash the Power Within was off the charts - and we’re just getting started!

Our largest Unleash the Power Within in HISTORY is officially underway! 

We have the privilege of serving 40,000 households from 158 countries over the next four days and nights! It’s so beautiful to feel the UNITY, TOGETHERNESS, LOVE, and CONNECTION we have created here!

The past does not equal your future… unless you live there.

Smile! Celebrate #NationalDentistDay today with this classic conversation from Sage and our family’s dear friend and third generation dentist, Dr. Craig Spodak! 

Breaking Free From The Noise with Sage Robbins and Dr. Craig Spodak

Congratulations to my friend 
@drmarkhyman
 on his new book, "Young Forever" -- a revolutionary, practical guide to creating & sustaining health for life. It’s full of science-based strategies and tips that are easy to incorporate daily. Order your copy: http://YoungForeverBook.com

Trade your expectations for APPRECIATION and your whole world changes in an instant!

The 2 Millimeter Rule: The smallest changes can yield the BIGGEST results.

NEW Tony Robbins Podcast episode! This one’s full of lots of personal stories. Topics include relationships, self-love, life, parenting, emotional fitness, communication, conscious separation, dating apps, and more. 

Take in the love!

You become who you spend time with.

Where FOCUS goes, energy flows! 

Remember, what we FEEL is a result of what we’re choosing to FOCUS on.

Most people focus on how to avoid pain in the short-term. If we want to push our life to the next level, experience fulfillment, and true quality of life we need to be laser-focused on our ultimate vision and sense of mission—who we want to be, how we can serve, and contribute.

Focusing on that highest vision helps create energy and momentum. We can kick feelings of frustration or depression by changing the channel of our attention to how to help someone in need.

It all begins with what you CHOOSE to FOCUS ON.

The only limit to your impact is your IMAGINATION and COMMITMENT.

Are you committed to living in a beautiful state?

The founders of Zion have designed a new social media protocol that puts privacy and true content ownership in the hands of creators. 

Congratulations to 
@Justinrezvani
 and the team on today’s launch of 
@get_zion
 v2

You can sign up today https://zion.fyi DO MORE WITH YOUR CONTENT

Zion v2 - a #Bitcoin #Web5 App is here! 

https://apps.apple.com/us/app/zion-create-openly/id1556918256…

The 7 Keys of Love and Relationships | Tony & Sage Robbins https://youtu.be/CAo6UaKBYwI via 
@YouTube

A lot of buzz in the media saying this is the year of #Efficiency. When I hear this, I think of 
@nick_sonnenberg
. Nick released Bestseller #ComeUpForAir which should be required reading for any organization that wants to be high-performing.

Life is always happening for you, not to you. Appreciate that gift, and you are wealthy, now and forever.

The BECOME UNSHAKEABLE Challenge 2023 starts in less than 24 hours!!!  

This 5-day online event will help you create a personalized plan to make your 2023 goals a reality… and it’s FREE!  

Save your spot: https://tonyr.co/tonyrobbins2023challenge…

We already have over 1 MILLION people from 195 countries signed up — you don’t want to miss this! Join us! 

Tag a friend, co-worker or business partner and invite them to be your accountability partner! 

See you TOMORROW!

When we accept that we can’t influence what happens around us, but how we respond to it… We’re bound for true greatness. 

Join me on Jan 24-28 for my FREE event where I’ll show you how to #BECOMEUNSHAKEABLE.
 
 Sign up here & thrive in 2023:  

https://tonyr.co/3jF2d6B

January 24-28, we'll be sharing everything you need to know to be a steady force in this unpredictable world... 

Join my FREE Unshakeable Challenge & turn challenges into opportunities & gain the unshakeable mindset & proven strategies to thrive in 2023. 

Save your seat now!  The #BecomeUnshakeable Challenge will be held online starting  Tuesday, January 24th through the 28th. It’s completely FREE and open to anyone who has the desire for TRANSFORMATION in 2023.

To secure your seat, REGISTER RIGHT NOW:
https://tonyr.co/tonyrobbins2023challenge…

LIFE is truly a gift!  And it is our privilege to have the opportunity to create an EXTRAORDINARY life:

Life is messy— but it is also BEAUTIFUL.

ENJOY your life and all of the growth AND CHALLENGES it demands from you. Then share the insights with those you love and support them along the way.

I AM A GLADIATOR!
Winter is my season.
This is my time.
I will not be denied.
Give me your fears, give me your limits I’ll give you results.
I add massive value and I always find a way to victory.
I AM A GLADIATOR

#TonyRobbins #BusinessMastery

BUSINESS is for #GLADIATORS

“You can achieve similar success!” It’s the enthusiastic gladiators at 
@TonyRobbins
 #BusinessMastery - I love sharing marketing ideas with such focused and dedicated artists, leaders, and entrepreneurs!

Life is about moments; don’t wait for them, create them.

Based on the feedback, it's clear that we all seek something different. Some seek change in only one area, all areas, and others just want more of what they already have.

I have zero judgment for what you want, but I do want to make sure you get what YOU REALLY WANT.  Which area of your life do you seek to make a change in this year?

In a few days, I’ll be live for my FREE event to teach you the specific tools, strategies, and psychology for YOU to BECOME UNSHAKEABLE.

The #BecomeUnshakeable Challenge will be held online starting  Tuesday, January 24th through the 28th. It’s completely FREE and open to anyone who has the desire for TRANSFORMATION in 2023.

To secure your seat, REGISTER RIGHT NOW:

Thanks to my friend 
@TomBilyeu
 for having me as a guest on 
@impact_theory
! Listen to the latest epiosde - "These DAILY HABITS Will Prime Your Brain To DESTROY Stress, Anxiety, & Depression | Tony Robbins" here -  http://impacttheory.com/episode/tony-robbins-3/…

You can also watch it here -

. 
@TonyRobbins
 will be attending A360 this year to speak about the value of taking massive Moonshots to uplift humanity and his mission to end hunger globally. He has donated nearly 1B meals already! Learn more:

Which area of your life do you seek to make a change in this year?

Easily one of the best books i read in 2022. Tons of great intel and info on regenerative health.  
@PeterDiamandis
 
@TonyRobbins

My friends, Sage and I have something special for you all!

Our end-of-year message and a very exciting gift will be live shortly—join us for the premiere Today @ 11AM PT | 2PM ET: https://tr.tonyrobbins.com/holiday-message

If you want a THRIVING 2023, you won’t want to miss this.

See you soon!

NEW episode of #thetonyrobbinspodcast! Our interview with 
@bkshivani
 offers action steps & powerful incantations that go to work deep in our subconscious mind to help strengthen our emotional immune system, & even help shift the collective consciousness.

Every day, millions of people don’t know where their next meal will come from. I know that struggle personally, and no one should have to experience it.
Join my friends David Beasley 
@WFPChief
 
@CuraFdn
 in ending hunger worldwide. http://bit.ly/CURALINK

We’re LIVE RIGHT NOW!

Our free 3-hour Life Design Master Class has kicked off! 

If you’re ready to remember your

 Passion
 Purpose
 Why

Join us here now:

The quickest way to strip your life of joy, gratitude, happiness, and love is by focusing on expectations.

Shift your focus from expectations to GRATITUDE, and your life will change in an INSTANT!

When you direct your focus towards gratitude, you’ll find true joy and fulfillment.

So far we’ve raised over 278,600 meals overall through our Giving Tuesday Fundraisers With Feeding America! This is absolutely amazing!  Let's keep it going!!  My friends! I’m excited to invite you all to join us for our FIFTH ANNUAL Giving Tuesday Fundraiser benefiting Feeding America.

We will continue double matching ALL donations up to $50,000 from now until December 2nd through this link: https://tonyr.co/giving-tuesday-feeding-america-triple-impact…

This means TRIPLE the impact for every donation made.

Please continue sharing this and invite your friends and family to participate in this act of giving. Thank you to everyone for your generous donations.

My friends! I’m excited to invite you all to join us for our FIFTH ANNUAL Giving Tuesday Fundraiser benefiting Feeding America.

This means that for just $10, we’ll be able to provide 300 meals for our brothers and sisters in need, thanks to the double match!

We’ll double donations made through this fundraiser link: https://tonyr.co/giving-tuesday-feeding-america-triple-impact…

Join us in our mission to #ENDHUNGER and provide 1 BILLION meals! When we all come together, every donation, big or small, truly makes a difference.

Peak state with 
@josefinabashout
 Unleash the Power Within   
@TonyRobbins

Day 1 #UPW2022 Palm Beach Florida! Let’s goooooo! 
@TonyRobbins
 #UPW

I met Denitsa when she had just assembled an impressive team of experts prior to any funding into the company. People had signed solely based on the science and mission. What stood out to me was her ability to influence, in a very raw, authentic way.

To sell the dream equally well to scientists, and business people. This quality is crucially important and at the core of exceptional leadership. It is truly amazing to see how much Marble has grown in a short period of time and I am excited to be part of it. via 
@Forbes

When something is a “must”, YOU FIND A WAY.

Progress is everything. Move forward today.

Beomni is visiting Riyadh, Saudi Arabia https://beomni.ai

#beomni #robot #humanoidrobot #beomnirobot #fii6 #investinhumanity #riyadh #saudiarabia

Love to hear that I’ve been helpful to my man 
@KlayThompson
! What Klay has accomplished over the years is a model of the common denominator that successful people all share: HUNGER!

That kind of HUNGER for the very best of us is what puts FOUR RINGS on your hand. a lot of good stuff over at @boardroom with the NBA set to tip off tonight, including this @SprungOnSports interview with the boat master himself, @KlayThompson. 

https://boardroom.tv/klay-thompson-golden-state-warriors/…

To live a truly rich life, you need more than just achievement. The science of achievement and success is only HALF the story. FULFILLMENT is the KEY to unlocking lasting JOY and a meaningful life. 2 Master Skills to Live Life on Your Terms

Science of Achievement & Art of Fulfillment by @TonyRobbins

This conversation between 
@TonyRobbins
 and 
@PeterDiamandis
 is so refreshing and insightful. I also learned a lot about what Tony and Peter are doing to solve some of humanity's greatest threats.

Stop asking yourself, “what’s in it for me?” and start asking yourself, “What’s in it for Them?”

My friend Joe Polish’s new book, “What’s in it for Them?” is available for pre-order now.

Get your copy at http://whatsinitforthem.com

One of the things I love and respect about 
@JoePolish
 is his sincere desire to help people get what they want.

It’s his unique ability to connect with others that have shown people marketing can not only change a business but it can change a life.

Congratulations to 
@theJudge44
! Babe Ruth hit 60 in 1927!! It took Maris 3 decades to top it with 61. Tonight is #HI62TORY #AllRise

Love is the oxygen of our lives. Breathe it in deeply today.

A few years ago, I had the honor of interviewing the legendary 
@MichaelPhelps
 — the most decorated Olympian of ALL-TIME! You can watch it here - https://youtu.be/-9bPeYk5f1s. 

Love the work you’re doing to grow mental health awareness, brother! https://essentiallysports.com/us-sports-news-olympics-news-swimming-news-michael-phelps-once-revealed-he-took-help-from-600-million-worth-self-help-coachs-podcast-to-learn-about-himself… 
@es_sportsnews

Excited to share that 8 years ago, I set a goal to provide ONE BILLION meals by 2025. Today, with your help, we have already provided 919 MILLION meals and are projected to meet our goal of ONE BILLION earlier than expected!

If you feel called to join us help our brothers and sisters this #HungerActionMonth, please go to http://feedingamerica.org/tonyrobbins. I WILL CONTINUE TO MATCH YOUR DONATION, dollar for dollar. So, your $1 is actually = 20 meals through my 1 Billion Meals Challenge.

For every dollar raised 
@FeedingAmerica
 helps provide at least 10 meals through its network of 200-member food banks and 60,000 food pantries and meal programs. Join us today, let's reach 1 Billion meals together!

yo 
@joerogan
 for a second we swore you were describing us…http://immi.io  this tech is live now for anyone to easily create realtime animation — all just using your iphone and self-expressions #immiverse

It’s always great to speak at 
@TonyRobbins
 #BusinessMastery and today is extra special because we have a hybrid audience of enthusiastic Gladiators, some in-person and some virtual. “You can achieve similar success!!”

"Where focus goes, energy flows." 

Thank you, 
@TonyRobbins
 for taking some time and talking with the team last night.

"Shallow Hal wants a gal."

Tony Robbins drops some gems on the Alabama football program as part of Nick Saban's fall camp revolving door of celebrity guest speakers.

( via 
@AlabamaFTBL
)

These new diagnostic tests available today mean that you don’t need to sit back & wait for disease to strike or performance to decline. You can be proactive!

I co-founded 
@golifeforce
 to help make health optimization easy & more accessible — check it out!

We’re going LIVE in less than 24 hours! 

I’m excited to share that TOMORROW August 2 at 11am PT/2pm ET we'll be kicking off 5 days of LIVE trainings from world-class experts… for FREE! 

 Save your spot by clicking here: https://timetothrivechallenge.com/go?source=twitter&a=1729… 
⁣

In this special episode of The Tony Robbins Podcast, you’ll hear from my wife Sage, & podcast host Mary B. as they discuss how #meditation can be used to maximize your mindset & prime yourself for clarity, focus, personal power & living a life of meaning.

“What’s wrong is always there.
So is what’s right.”—

@TonyRobbins

Join me and Dean Graziosi for 5 days at the Time to Thrive Challenge starting August 2nd - it's FREE! 

We're going to share with you the strategies and skills we've learned over the years to take control and create freedom in your life. 

https://timetothrivechallenge.com/go?source=twitter&a=1729…

Where FOCUS goes, energy flows!

Remember, what we FEEL is a result of what we’re choosing to FOCUS on.

who we want to be, and how we can serve, and contribute.

Focusing on that highest vision helps create energy and momentum. We can kick feelings of frustration or depression by changing the channel of our attention to how to help someone in need.

It all begins with what you CHOOSE to FOCUS ON.

There’s no denying that you and I are part of a significant inflection point in human history. Check out my recent conversation with historian and demographer Neil Howe on The Fourth Turning: What past generations can teach us about our future.

. 
@TonyRobbins
 has helped so many people reach their top potential - but what has he read that's helped him?
https://amzn.to/3uR9yCT

Our partners at 
@BeomniRobot
 are at 
@Comic_Con
 -- tag me and let me know if you stop by for a visit!  We are at Comic-Con! Find us at Booth 4213.  Meet the creator of Beomni Dr. Harry Kloor and get free stuff!   http://beomni.ai  

#SDCC2022 #SD #ComicCon2022 #beomnirobot #robot #humanoidrobot #AI #robotics #freebies

. 
@TonyRobbins
 has helped so many people reach their top potential - but what has he read that's helped him?
https://amzn.to/3blDGPT

Feed Your Mind With This! - Tony Robbins

Great ideas are never going to interupt you, they have to be pursued.

Credits: 
@TonyRobbins
 

#tonyrobbins #motivation #mindset

@HauteLiving
 recently hosted an inspiring event to celebrate client, 
@TonyRobbins
, as its Palm Beach issue cover star!

Quote Of The Day.


@tonyrobbins

#Forbes #Quotes #TonyRobbins #Startups #Ownership #Motivation #Leadership #Growth

It’s never too late to listen to this very special 200th episode of The Dr. Gundry Podcast with the amazing 
@TonyRobbins
 and 
@PeterDiamandis
 where we discuss their new book Life Force.

Listen now! - https://l8r.it/0O5s

Where focus goes, energy flows. And where energy flows, whatever you're focusing on grows. In other words, your life is controlled by what you focus on. That's why you need to focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear.

The three decisions that control your destiny are:

1. Your decisions about what to focus on.
2. Your decisions about what things mean to you.
3. Your decisions about what to do to create the results you desire.

YES!  
@TonyRobbins

If you think meditation isn’t for you, this podcast might literally CHANGE your MIND. In today’s world of constant distractions, it’s critical that we develop the ability to direct our focus. Mindfulness & meditation are tools in our tool belt.

: https://tonyrobbins.com/podcasts/your-success/…

The Life Force Health Summit with me, co-host 
@PeterDiamandis
 and 9 guest experts starts today at noon PT | 3PM ET!

Tune in LIVE here: https://youtube.com/watch?v=YY45bC6A-Fo… 

This FREE training is for anyone who is looking to improve their health.

I’m going LIVE in a few days for our LIFE FORCE HEALTH SUMMIT (it's FREE!). Join me & co-host and Life Force co-author 
@peterdiamandis
 + 9 leading health experts on Thursday, May 26 at Noon PT | 3PM ET. Become the CEO of your body. http://lifeforcehealthsummit.com

How does it FEEL when you help make a difference in someone's life? 

Listen to this special conversation with my wife Sage on the power of #love and #contribution: http://tonyr.co/unconditionallove…

The TRUE power of the human  

@TonyRobbins
 shares his proven strategies for transforming our lives

Team! Learn about the state of the art technology used to heal the world’s peak performers and get the latest scientific solutions to fight the effects of aging, extend your lifespan, & so much more in this week’s podcast with 
@TonyRobbins
 & subscribe!

It’s official! My partners at 
@immi_io
 invented an animation studio that fits in your phone. Download here https://tonyr.co/immi and have some fun!  #immiverse

Insanely cool tech will allow you to pilot animated characters in real time from your phone.  Fun and delight when the world needs it most!  Stay tuned for more details. #web3 #Metaverse #immiverse

Join me for a Live Q&A TODAY at 2:30pm ET/11:30am PT! We're talking about my new book, Life Force, with 
@amazonbooks
 on #amazonlive. Watch here and bring your questions!

This week on the podcast I sit down with 
@tonyrobbins
 to discuss what it truly means to take care of yourself and your body. Listen to our full talk right here  https://apple.co/3OvPvSL

If your body could use some pampering...

Increase your energy flow (at any age) with 
@TonyRobbins
 —

Ken Rusk started his first job as a ditch digger at 15 and turned that into a successful company. In his new book Blue Collar Cash, 
@KenRuskOfficial
 shows you how to grasp the power of giving back while providing you with tools to help you achieve the life you desire.

Take Ken's life-changing course and he'll donate one to either a mentee of your choice or to an underserved member of the community. His goal is to help 1 million kids to see that there are multiple paths to success. Learn more at

Just as 
@TonyRobbins
 says, I took charge of my own health a decade ago and now I feel great.

“Happier People Live Longer”: Entrepreneur 
@TonyRobbins
 Talks to Maria About Science-Backed Solutions for Aging Well From His New Best-Selling Book, Life Force

Thank you to 
@MariaShriver
 for having me as a guest on Conversations Above the Noise! We talked about my new book, LIFE FORCE, and the latest breakthroughs in science and regenerative medicine that can help us age happier and healthier than ever. https://youtu.be/1oMwwp11zHE

Check out my interview with 
@williamgreen72
 on his #RicherWiserHappier podcast! We talk about my new book LIFE FORCE, what you can learn from 
@raydalio
 & 
@richardbranson
, how to take control of your mind, how to build an abundant life, & more! Listen here: https://link.chtbl.com/RWH01

This episode was a really exciting one for me because it’s with someone who has influenced my life pretty dramatically. I'm here with 
@TonyRobbins
 and we will be coving a wide-range of topics today! 

You can listen to our conversation here- https://wellnessmama.com/podcast/528/

Had a blast during my interview with 
@bulletproofexec
  on The Human Upgrade with 
@TonyRobbins
. We talked about what’s new and next level in biohacking, longevity, and health technology.

My interview with Dave Asprey 
@daveasprey
 on The Human Upgrade is now live. You’ll love the show! Listen here:

Check me out on 
@TheDoctors
, airing tomorrow 2/15! I'm excited to share more about my new book, LIFE FORCE, with you! For local listings, visit https://thedrs.tv/watch. #TheDoctors

Life Force by 
@TonyRobbins
 is a visionary & extraordinary book that can help transform the quality & quantity of your life.

100% of sales goes to 
@FeedingAmerica
 & research for cancer, heart disease, & Alzheimer’s: http://tonyrobbinslifeforce.com

"It was a huge part of what made me able to deal with the injuries I had..."


@TonyRobbins
 on what inspired him to explore the secrets to living longer and better. Watch below, and download the FULL show here:
https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-megyn-kelly-show/id1532976305…

Sunday morning snowstorm is the perfect time to read my pal 
@tonyrobbins
 new book. I’m learning how new developments in medicine can improve the quality of my health and life. Thank you Tony.

#MondayMorning 
@TonyRobbins

Another amazing book by 
@TonyRobbins
! I love how Tony is focusing on regenerative medicine. Tony makes this so simple to understand the tremendous innovation happening. UCSF’s Anthony Luke was able to use a regeneration technique to restore my own Achilles & I can run again!

LOVE IS ALWAYS THE ANSWER. It heals, it blesses, it renews, and it restores. #LOVE is our nature and our evolutionary advantage as human beings.

Happy #ValentinesDay. 

Love,
Tony and Sage

In this book, 
@TonyRobbins
,brings you more than 100 of the world’s top medical minds and the latest research, inspiring comeback stories, and amazing advancements in precision medicine that you can apply today to help extend the length and quality of your #life.

#books #writing

I just read Life Force by 
@TonyRobbins
 and urge you to read it if you're interested in the science of living longer. (1/6)

My NEW BOOKLIFE FORCE released TODAY!  

100% OF THE PROFITS are being donated to 
@FeedingAmerica
 as well as cancer, heart disease, and Alzheimer's research.  

  Get or gift a copy here: http://tonyrobbinslifeforce.com.

New releases are here and we know you've been waiting for the new J.D. Robb and Tony Robbins books!  

#barnesandnoble #books  #bnboyntonbeach #booklover #bookstore #bookworm #boyntonbeach #booknerd #book #bookaddict #bookcommunity #bnvolved #february #followus #bnbuzz

@CentrFit
 & 
@chrishemsworth
 said put the phone down before bed and pick up a book. Then 
@TonyRobbins
 said hey Steve, I’ve got a book! #chilltime #newhabits #bedtimereading #lifeforce #centrfit

There's still time to join us LIVE for my Ultimate Breakthrough 2022 Challenge! We're starting NOW -- at 11AM PT | 2PM ET! https://tonyr.co/3z7bqbi

If you want to break through and thrive this year, then today’s training is an absolute can’t-miss! #breakthrough2022

I’m with the outstanding Gladiators at 
@TonyRobbins
 #BusinessMastery sharing ideas on how to create fans and grow business!! “You can achieve similar success!”

If we want to leave behind the exhaustion, fear,  uncertainty & stagnation of the last 2 years, we need a new strategy. We need a BREAKTHROUGH. 

Join me for my 5 Day Ultimate Breakthrough 2022 Challenge — it's FREE! Let’s take on 2022 together! https://tonyr.co/3z7bqbi

Did you miss our invitation? Watch our announcement then sign up to join us for the #Breakthrough2022 Challenge & gain the tools and momentum you need to finally break through, make 2022 different, and create the life you want. 
http://Breakthrough2022.com

